[Music]
I want to feel your body with you on mine
because mine
[Music]
[Laughs]
Olé Olé Good family Good night what
such are you
How are you family? I have already changed the
Twitch title I have already changed the
Twitch title is worth it
don't worry don't worry
moderators
Javi please I want to be a moderator
Javi please cut my ball for being
your moderator and now I put moderators and
the title is not changed
some people beat whoever they want and
I find that there are people banned for
everywhere others never ban anyone
They are here expanding the chat and never and
they never ban
Javi Dalas mentioned you and defended you in
his latest video
I have to tell you that today's live
He's going to try that, he's going to deceive us.
I have dedicated the entire title to it.
to this direct about that is worth it because
I think it's going to be a pretty big reaction
My observer here was a moderator who has me
changed the title
Mia Mia
If you change the title you will be mine again
Okay
so that you don't dedicate me Well dedicate me
your Twitter account Nothing happens the
volume to the microphone but what happens to the
microphone volume is true it is down
but I'm looking at it here and it's
Let's see, maybe we should play it here in
the sound card because you me
fell hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello
hello
now it's fatal
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
Hello, hello, hello now
now now now now now now
It has to be perfect, okay, no, it doesn't.
we play Look and the lights come on
lights when I speak Look, do you see the light?
green Oh but now it reflects hello hello
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, no
you come alone
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello
come with my love
More or less very well
listen to me the sound quality and
image has improved quite a bit in this
Vale channel I have to tell you no it is not a
Blue and it's a Shure
I'm sure I have to tell you that
Today I went to buy what will be the
wall
of the new study is worth
[Applause]
Two weeks at most you are worth there
Borja Boyero Thank you very much for that lion
white
soon in 4k Well I think so, soon
I can shudder in 4k
how many there are, thank you very much, I won't say it
I'm not joking, I'm not joking in theory
Thank you very much
if the camera allows it, which I think it will
the camera will allow it if the camera
allows it if I move I move if the
camera allows it I will broadcast in 4k I will tell you
to Rick to help me set this up and
man the computer the computer that
I just bought the camera, it's the best
the spotlights that we have bought or in other words
plan
It's embarrassing. Well, it's also true.
That is Selu if you come here to your content
It's a piece of [ __ ], honestly it's been
spent the Channel points to stop
power to be able to put that I don't know how
has people watching you it seems that you have
absolutely right, so don't go there
ban or anything eh Don't even think about it if it is
that you are absolutely right, you know that
I can't contradict you either.
I don't understand it either
literally cell phone I mean you have all the
reason I am ashamed
My content is [ __ ] and I don't know how there is
people watching me but oh well
Here we are, we can hear you very loud, Javi.
Well, let's see, family, are you going to come back to me?
crazy or what in 4k would look great
see now it is seen in 1080 no Alex
Thank you very much now you can see 1080 I
I understand that in 4k it should be possible
configure voucher
let's see if you can hire one there
internet even bigger than this to see in
I actually have the oldest one contracted
Vodafone's one giga or one tera O
100 gigas I don't know the maximum that can be
hire I have it hired but not
arrives
Chari Thank you very much queen does not arrive or
even if I have it contracted, what I
He said that he didn't arrive
You understand me, but I hired him.
I also say something good now but not
I think it doesn't do anything
Let's see if I'm going to change there.
for company, I think I'm going to put on
With Movistar I think Movistar will be the best
to try Movistar I think it would be better not to
I know I want to put the best okay I've already
bought today
Thank you very much for becoming a member
Take my money. Thank you. I'll receive everything now.
If you want to give your money, you can
giving it is worth it
[Music]
I have to tell us several things, okay?
about the Setup before starting with the
content
robbiestar no, let's see, I think Movistar
It's the one that I mean I think it's the best
I don't know, no, they haven't paid me or anything.
the worst
That is, the one with the most quality, the most quality, the most
quality can you give me what it can be
I'm not a judge, let's see what I bought and what I have.
already more or less some ideas of how it is going to
be the Setup new man Vicky Viking
I have to tell you something later that
I didn't forget that I was going to send you a
audio today and I forgot but I have
to tell it something that will freak you out
I think that Movistar is the one in the end
decade is like the header is not like
I don't know, I ask
don't listen to me Let's see
I'll tell you a secret in advance
worth of the new Setup the Statue of the
That Mickey I brought from Disney is fine.
I have bought two more statues, I'm not going to tell you
say that characters but they are from the same
size
one of them is one of them is more
That Mickey is so big
one of them is bigger than that one
Mickey is worth it
the wall
what is the wall skin the skin
I'm not going to tell you who's on the wall
You see it when we release it, okay?
salselandia thank you very much
the wall skin the skin that we are going to
to put on the wall
I bought it this afternoon, okay?
next week they already are
installing anything goes
I might stay
I hope you don't copy my Stitch what
inks bought from the insane, let's see, I'll go
see it
There may be a possibility that through
from the move
there is a possibility that there is some
day that does not
that I cannot work because of that
I'm going from here, okay, I'm going far from where
I am here and not just that I am leaving
far away where I am but there is to
make it the portability of a company
I don't know if that will ever have me again.
without being able to have internet and organized and
others and then the topic of the
installation of the Setup because I know that the
electrician is going to dismantle from here
things and he's going to set them up there for me then
No, it's not him, it's not the Giant Buddy.
Giant Buddy cost 10,000 bucks, man.
I found a very company
beautiful statues
alienated where you see that I am
send by WhatsApp
[Music]
Greetings crack, surprise us with that Setup
I'm going to try to surprise you, okay?
but I'm sure it's going to look very handsome
I have ideas No Vicky, that's not him, that's not him
It's not that one, let's see, this is the one. This is the one.
stick that Vicky shows me that has been
bought her That's good of course me
I love it, let's see, I would buy it all.
I also tell you, eh, I would buy them
everything that happens that obviously
It's already good in size
At first glance, if it is not the same, it is a
slightly bigger is that it is super big
that is to say it is
I just found out that he's a Steve, right?
I just realized that it's a steisy.
to stretch myself, which is a demand, okay
Okay
JP Thank you very much. Okay, but, but for the
At least I won't tell you what the other one is.
lamentable lamentable I'll show you come on
Okay, I'll show it to you. I have a photo in the
WhatsApp that I sent it to Enrique
I have it in the box, eh? I can't show it.
people because they are in boxes okay But
I'm going to show it to you, come on Vicky.
Vicky taught, don't put anything else in it
chat please don't talk to me better Yes
You don't care if you don't care Vicky no
talk to me because I have bought it from
It's been, I don't know, three months and I have it.
put in the warehouse there in some boxes
the two figures that one in fact
I think it comes as disassembled, okay?
and you came in and messed things up for me
Tied up doesn't know how to keep a secret, let's see
if they charge me
If you upload me in the photograph in the
I'll show you Enrique's WhatsApp
Let's see, I'm going to try my WhatsApp.
sister that my sister
I'm going to show you only milk, the other one isn't
bombshell news, yes, but in the end no
I have kept nothing back
In the end I didn't keep anything back.
can't charge me wait in the
My computer won't load. But son, wait.
now it loads okay, that's it
synchronizing
wait
I close WhatsApp in case it gets to me
strain the other one
are you ready are you ready
I warn you that he is very handsome, eh?
I warn you that it is the [ __ ] eh
or notice that it's the [ __ ]
I'm not going to tell you the other one, forget it.
that the other tells you the other already
You see there Vale when you mount the
Setup I warn you that it is the [ __ ] okay
I warn you that it is worth crying, okay, it is for
crying literally means crying
thanks to Fran
Behold
is very strong
Look at the teeth, man.
it's crazy
I told you so, eh?
and here I can't tell you the size
TRUE
Here at the counter is where it gives the
impression that it is a figure more
small because it is here like in a
counter no but I would say I would say that
It's like that Mickey
I would say yes yes I would say let's see you
count look what I can do
expand And look at the flowers or
Look, imagine not being guided by the
size by flowers more or less
It doesn't make sense, huh?
Setup 40 is not going to make sense
centimeters yes 40 centimeters
Quietly yes I would say yes
40 centimeters can be approximately
yes, over there, over there, I would say yes, eh
over there over there eh
[Music]
but I'll tell you about the other one, about the other one.
Okay
if I don't screw up before
that we go to Setup if not what I do
before the goats
the other time the other no longer the other the
another one doesn't make sense, okay, I'll tell you the
another is already the other, it doesn't make sense
another one really the other one or the other one
another figure I mean not Eli and many
thanks the other one is taller it is more
big the other is a little bigger
He's smaller than Mickey, I don't think he is.
equal is equal more or less
it's the same it's the same it's the same
It's the same No, it's not the genius, it's not the
genius I'm not going to say who it is okay
I'm not going to tell you but the other one is handsome
Well, what doesn't fit me is that furniture
I'm going to put the other Setup, yes.
has a wall like this more or less
compose like this of what the wall is
So simply then it cuts until
the door and so on no And
the wall I have already chosen the skin of the
I've taken the wall, it's enough
I have some ideas of some things that
let's go No, it's not the Buddy, it's not the Buddy
Giant the Giant Buddy was too much
money the giant bus must cost 9000
euros ok I found a place that had
very very pretty figures I found a site
that had very pretty figures but
They take a long time to deliver it, that is, they have
one that takes a long time but they have a lot
order you know you have a lot of order in
send it and there was one that suited me
to see it put in the Setup that you
I'm going to teach OK but no
I'm not going to wait a year or so because
I want to debut Tab already assembled
understand But I'll show it to you Look at it
taught
and look at hand
It is perfectly pasted in the Setup
uncle
It matched perfectly with the Setup that
more or less I have in mind
It's big too I don't think it's a meter
look, a meter says it there, a meter
Yes welcome
this one would have hit this one would have
stuck pretty much in the Setup more or less
What I have in mind is that little cap
this would have hit
but
They are overloaded with orders and it takes time
Yes, and you can't keep it inside me.
two weeks obviously already the writing
I like Stitch more now but man
that not everything is Disney. Also, I tell you
I'm going to try to give it a little touch like that
I'm going to try to give it a spin
nut to the new one
I already have my Lion with fur, I'm glad now
you can go to the beach and go out in the
Irene Montero's poster, your Lion now
you give a couple of bourgeois
Gabriel Thank you very much
open a huge hug
then that doll has failed me and I
has failed
the piece of furniture that I don't know that I don't know what piece of furniture
He brings health, he is also a gentleman, he brings health
from saviki kisses kiss Lopez a kiss
huge King the two showcases with all
your things will no longer be seen, okay?
The two display cases will remain as they are here.
on this side so normally you won't go there
let's see unless at some point
serious with the mobile or let's take another camera
and we have from here you know but the
showcases go there now on this side already
The showcases have been there for many years
It was one of the Infinity that has it
Infinity was there from the beginning
that showcase on the right was
since the beginning since 2015
okay good 2005 good almost beginning of the
2016 Maybe the showcase of the
Infinity was there from the beginning
when we came when they kicked me out
my room and I had to come here to
lounge
I already installed the other showcase and by the
showcases are no longer going to be there
make visible what I will surely do
It will be to put a kind of
I'll look for some furniture like that but not like that, man.
wanna
another thing without doors imagine not without
doors so I can put the
figures lights I don't know a paranoia
a paranoia that doesn't stop when the microphone
with the one you sang in the videos then
That microphone would no longer be legendary.
find it
you're going to put something that remembers Setup
some some wink no some wink of the
previous setups Well yes, surely to
see things are going to be things are going to be
to be there but somewhere else the plates go
to be
read them and we'll see what I put in them
We will see the LEDs and the stuffed animals that are not
You can see all the stuffed animals up there
Giants and others
IKEA shelves always remain
Well yes, I will surely end up in the end.
IKEA I've been looking is looking
something rustic, good rustic, not vintage
that is called no that is like that more like
the oldest wood you know the
Bart Simpson that you had was legendary
Bart Simpson is
You can see Bart Simpson here, look here.
There it is, there it is, the return of the showcase
it's stuck there
Bart Simpson is there
In truth, almost anything is valid, but it is
what I tell you
Carlos Thank you very much, welcome.
friend
Surely one day without live there will be
Javi all my money please and don't give it to me
return
Likewise But thanks for the money
surely one day live
let's lose it's worth it
Why Because I imagine the first thing
because I'm going far away then there is
moving that involves moving because
It involves the issue of portability
the internet company I imagine
that there you know
there will be a day that I believe there
there will have to be some day of waiting no
and portability and what and what
uninstall the equipment from here and take it away
take them there I don't know no And then
the topic of the topic of the topic that I have
said or the team itself
The kid who's going to set it up for me
electrician
man will set it up for me I just can't
teach because I can't teach it
but he has me on
as a team there working that is
called an electrical equipment not that they are a
a thing embedded in the wall with
many plugs so that there is no
Electricity problem and others and
then of course this will dismantle it
here I will take it there then
surely one day
working in telephony you never run out
line you are always covered both from
fiber as a mobile line to see the line
I will have a mobile phone but I will not do it
direct of course what I will do will be video in
plan with the mobile as I have been
doing on many occasions
but when changing from one company to another
Well, of course it doesn't make sense to do that.
portability and come install it here
the company I go to heaven
Thank you very much and then I'll make them.
be the move That is not what it will have
It would make more sense to remove him here.
to the old company and go to
I can't imagine installing there, thanks
for keeping me company for five years
I love you very much and have more years
Success wherever you go, a hug
No, I'm not going to walk.
I'm going to Andorra, okay? No, I'm not.
do not send any tax inspector
nor anything that I'm not going to Andorra
but well, let's see, it turns out that we
Let's get into the subject, okay? Let's go.
to get into the subject I have not seen the
video I'm not going to lie I haven't seen the
You have sent me many videos
messages that Dalas I defend myself I don't know if
You told me because there are people who
He said he defends me
Brian Thank you so much other people have
said as if I wanted to see him
curious to see it but I say it
I watch live so that my reaction is
real Vale and natural no because by the
At least it seems he has told something like
that we are no longer friends or something
not like that
or not Exactly not Or that we no longer have
relationship is not really defended
Okay, okay. Well, we'll see. We'll see.
we react to it but here's the video
As far as I understand it is about
What is Vegeta's thing? Uff What is Vegeta's thing? Oh
We really need to see things about Vegeta and
I'm nervous too, eh?
we have to see we have to give a couple
of things is worth
Before before watching the video on Yes yes
I wanted to tell you a little bit about it because
Of course, this is when the video is uploaded
yesterday
It would be like 4-5 in the morning when
uploaded the video ok I've already taken it
turning off the computer and letting it air out
in some little thing for work
not from today
Dalas confesses about his mental state
lost my mind no and upload the video
Okay
immediately in the group of kids
Info people get very naughty Not me
I wasn't going to watch a video from the 33rd
minutes at that time is not worth a damn and
suddenly someone warns in fact uncle
I don't know if you remember that we debated with
this with this poor creature of the
nature is worth it
made the biggest fool of himself. Let's see.
I'm going to tell you the biggest ridiculous thing
that could be any any
internet user okay I can't play
because I am not a judge but really
I was watching I was listening today to the
debate a little while so some
Vale things and
and my mother
That is, when I experience the debates more or less
less gives me a little impression but
listening to it later from outside
Uncle, there is one thing that I don't like.
It made sense to me that I never caught you on Stream
male Haha
joy domi a huge hug Sunday
good people good people and I know him from
you can no longer imagine the jet of
I've known Domi Game, the YouTuber, for years.
because I had, don't be mistaken because you
You see, okay, I'm glad to hear from you, my friend.
A huge kiss No no it's sleeping Cool no
It's 2000 Cool, 2000 Cool right now
will send some will send 100 bits and will
will announce and say another day I give you another
little bit worth like he did yesterday uncle let's go
see you can't take dedicate your channel
to one person or two people in a way
completely contemptuous okay not me
I complain about the number of videos never ever
I will do that is, the topics must be exploited
The gossip press does it, they do it
Newscasts are made by newspapers
All the media do it, the topics are
explode okay Because because the topics
that we deal with are issues that today
you take out one thing
and while the editor is editing
the video there are updates then
I think I'm going to focus more on the channel
main to topics that can wait a
day or two so we can do them right
structured the video in conditions and
edited even if they have fewer visits to the
final are videos that never die and the
channel in Yes because it is not malfunctioning
has one and a half million visits
monthly is good for me and the topics are like that
sauce pim pum Pam we are going to make them in
direct is worth it
If I feel like doing something because I
like the topic whatever in the main
Well, I will do it as for example I did the
from the other day of the interview
Antena 3 of Miare no because it was a topic
that gave a lot of juice for Pin Pin Pin
dismantle each sentence no but this kid
ago or so there are not 20 like this one there are
20 like this no these are the ones that I
I called the painful channels the other day I
I posted a tweet in which I didn't refer to
Nobody is worth it And that's what the tweet is talking about
Dalas in this video no So now
when Dalas mentions them in the video
I get into the subject of the tweet and we see the
answers that people gave me no
but let's basically
These people try to imitate Javi
olive tree
from 2017/2018 again lollipop lollipop
no it's not real it's real it's real me
divorced is worth giving it absolutely
completely now we talk about that
as the time comes, not me
What I can't do is
The first thing these people do is these 20 or 30
channels in some way
somehow they want like this is the
impression that it gives me somehow
way they want to take over from the
place that Javi Oliveira left
2018 no and it's like let's see
the place of Javi Oliveiro from 2018 is not it
you can take anyone no I mean the old woman
reliable to make videos only of the
internet punching bag in the foreground
place already in 2022 they do not work no I mean AND
secondly you will never be able to
Comparing Javi Leveira from 2018 is worth it.
Jabio Oliveira from 2018 and even a little
The 2019 one was very stupid, very stupid in the
sense that even though I have my
two fingers on the forehead my intelligence does not
I am quite
Aguililla we are not going to leave it in
Aguililla you will never be able to compare
with the Oliveira of 2018 or 2019 it is not worth it
first of all the people and the people to whom
time that times evolve Then I
I would never return no matter how desperate
you were visiting
to get wild to have more
visits or something like that, that's what it is
that a lot of public wants and demands is worth it
times change times change
Okay then if I get into plan
beast if I get into beast mode
demand this type of hearing I
could have 100-150,000 visits per
each video uploading a daily video of
Throwing [ __ ] at Dallas is okay
in lordship could put more to defame
Fidel and Rocío Carrasco and accuse them of
crimes and all these things they do
those with the most visits
and it's also worth it but right now I'm in
an attitude is worth one point of my
career as a youtuber in which we are
trying to evolve we are doing
trying to do within what is the
heart and the sauce a little content
more quality is worth we have several
projects that we are going to bring okay No
I really need more than what I earn
I would like to win more, of course.
Of course I would like to win
infinitely more 10 times more than what
I win but well I can eat okay or so
there are a million and a half more visits or
less monthly sometimes two or three
millions in the main
Javi the puny one is more or less around
the four and 15 million visits
every month depending on the
themes and televised gossip I think are around
between three and five million
visits every month or in other words, in plan
I don't need it, no matter what, if you're wanted bald
lollipop is less than 3 I don't need to be
a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] person and a sellout
to have more money is worth it or anything
in the style now what my
The goal right now is that the content
have more quality the content is worth
have more, have more quality
more detailed and more careful than their
videos have all their details
pretty thumbnails indexes I don't know what
well positioned on the internet are not
Videos that don't die if you realize
the videos that the content that is
now coming out on the main channel
I really like the topic of
Johnny de Amber
Brad Pitt Will Smith's theme song
heart also Spanish many topics that
They are videos that do not die, okay, they are videos
that will continue to grow there During
the years are worth
and I'm not being disrespectful really
no one is controversial and it is a bit of a gossip but
There is no one who can blame me
that he has disrespected you or that
be slandering the idiot like these
guys or that I'm saying things or
I often hear 2018 and
I say, what a bore, what a burrito
Son, what a joke you're talking about.
Ok, and they from outside, well, they don't know.
They think they look like this okay There is some is
I'm not going to say a name because I don't
I don't want any controversy or fights with anyone.
no one goes their own way
Okay, but there are some that really
then they make other videos with content
Well man, I've been following you since the interview.
Maria, what many people don't understand is
that you were the first to learn
lessons a precedent exactly
a position is not for another to come to
pick it up
On the contrary, there has been evolution.
to be very stupid and to be very
desperate to get the position that
one leaves behind one's mistakes
also learn from the mistakes of others
others
Otherwise no, but there is one thing that by far
that they try to look like some kind of
Jabio Oliveira from 2018 there is one thing that
They will never have and they are the eggs that
you have skills that you have always had
Javi Oliveira, I want to be calmer.
and I took things differently and
I know how to bullfight better now, the eggs don't me
They take them away and God is worth it if I dedicate myself to him
50% of my content to a streamer or
a youtuber if the youtuber challenged me
I have made a debate
And this was done by Javier Ibai in 2018.
debating with Dallas, two or three
times
These are called Dallas for a debate And
They don't go, it's not that Dalas doesn't debate that
screams is not that he takes it to his
Javi Oliveira dedicated four lands to it
videos of the week to Dallas and every time
what gives the wanted is a debate Javi
oliveira was going
to crash because he was not right and it is
what I didn't realize but that's the
evolution That is, in the end you can't do it yourself
If you want to be a carpenter If you
you can be a carpenter you can't you can't
you can suddenly create a piece of furniture
merkamueble there with powerful quality with
a nice design you won't start doing
[ __ ]
and experience is necessary in the end
Nobody comes here knowing. Okay then.
I have my ass shaved, or rather, even
where I can get by saying things to you
I can take and I can tell you things
funny things happened too, like
when I saw that they were going to join Dalas
for a photo shoot he who was not going
deleted his channel Haha It's history of the
Gossip is the history of gossip, okay?
You challenge these people to a debate and
They don't go and tell you things like it's not
that is not Javi Because they compare me
also no Javi No debate screams this
kid the other day when he left
here to be the ridiculous one that if you see me
me in the whole debate that I have heard it
today no more than seeing me listening to it myself
I am calm
listening to him, letting him know what he says
nonsense and letting it hit the
the same guy making a fool of himself laughing
nervous you are a judge and when it all ends
They say the same thing, it's that he hasn't left me
talk
It's that he didn't listen to me, it's that
I changed the subject every moment
It's that the lady manipulates the lady
you agree on the same in the same live
The lady who called the phone said no.
Don't take me to your land anymore, don't make me
It's as if I were manipulating their minds.
At the time they are debate madam it is no longer that
have a bare ass in debate and I know of
what I can talk about and what I can't and know
debate and I know how to behave in a
debate and I know where to take it
conversation is not very important for
win a debate by being right
If you are lying you will not win a
debate if you are defaming you are not going to
Winning a debate lies have the
Hypocrisy is also very short-legged
Thank you very much Facioli and many
thanks then Those are the things that
They don't pass and they have a lot of roof. Well, look at this one.
at least he came to debate this for what
fewer wines to discuss But there are others that
nor do they come to debate why Because
They break out in a cold sweat because they know that
They can only handle videos edited with
manipulated videos and tampering with evidence
and cheating is fine. But oh well.
Leaving that topic aside for now
We will go into more depth as
Let's watch the video to explain the
evolution of my relationship with Dallas no
But I want to tell you about these two tweets.
because they were impressive or rather
precisely having been left in
ridiculous both this and my ex last night
Before they are all crybabies if they love you
Javi a kiss Bryan a huge kiss Rey a
kiss Thank you so much for your super
chat no That is, after having done the
ridiculous the night before Dalas goes up a
video the guy watches it
at the moment you give it has gone up because
is that I see it the moment of staying it has
uploaded
is that he sees it at the moment he has it
uploaded okay Live on lip is gone but Leon
reggae had the balls to debate well
had the balls to debate Be careful to give that
It cost him his while he left, Lino had to come out
balls none under any circumstances
he had balls
Live on Live was stuck causing months in
What they all do is hit each other, provoking me
That touching the balls months believe
They believe that they are staying above
that maybe they are
those who can win you know and in the
moment you do it in a bread debate
finished crying, getting nervous, getting
to shout insults like this no
Well, anyone with anyone
I would do the same and they can give me
the same as what they get from me
It's like they're telling me some [ __ ].
some mistake that I had made before
five years ago or six or four years ago
It doesn't matter when someone comes here to me
in a debate and try to defend yourself
saying is that you in 2013 Fran Muchas
thanks It's that you in 2018 It's that this in
2019 if I made a mistake you know that
you know what the problem is that you don't
They can corner me with anything because if I have
I made a mistake and they got it out of me in a
debate I'm going to tell you it's true
You are absolutely right, I did it wrong there.
If I'm going to recognize what is
good and what is bad
He tells me in the debate, let's not talk about
Antonia, then you lose out and
I told him to tell me about Antonia and he
He tells me that you were the dog
from Antonio in 2018 and I told him
completely
what you want to be today
aspiring not to dogs In fact no it is not
that you were the dog is that you were the
dog 2018 what are you going to tell me now then
Now I'm going to tell you how I realized
realize the senseless [ __ ] that
He was defending himself and how obvious it was
That's why Uninover came out. That's why there was
a few months of video where
based on a series of events
history was changing
but it was you who did it, yes, yes,
yes, you were the dog and you defended
yes yes
but no longer that was in 2018 that
rectify
but it is that yes that yes but that you are
idiot is worth it now
that you upload a video to me in Dalas
that Dalas uploads a video to me at 5 o'clock
the morning that the video lasts 30 and something
minutes and you at 40 minutes after having
uploaded the video you have seen it
With how busy you are, you don't take out
videos every 10 days
Greetings I always watch your videos on Twitch
red first time I spend here chat 7
shy kiss
I'm going to put the topic of which here
has not opened it here in the third
screen
but I think he doesn't know that no
you have read the tweet because I am not
seeing no one laughing at the tweet Look
what it says Share the video and says
Dalas just dedicated a video to me
look at it and it's literally all the
Things I talked about with Javi in ​​the debate
Mental Health topics the drawing topic the
eBay issue etc.
and of course I put here in the Twin to tell him
Yes, poor thing, tell him that yes, he is
him
He just dedicated a video to me
emotional Dale just dedicated a to me
video
You have to be an idiot You have to be
[ __ ]
Carmen, a kiss, my love, she's even moved.
thinking that Dalas considers it Yes yes yes
Daniel a kiss King today I'm watching
many names that carry many here
years
[Music]
spectacular is spectacular but it is that
then there is my ex Okay my ex
obsessed that removes the block to
see if he lets himself be obsessed with me and
forgive me and come back to me no
Dalas Share the video worth And instead of
comment on something about the video
instead of commenting on something in the video
Share the video with the following phrase
Javi defending his actions yesterday
Emilio Thank you very much
Dalas uploads a video and they blame me
Me and I were putting on my calsona
to go to sleep but this is like
like the newsboy, that is, what ends
to do is like the newsboy and the
Gorgon
How good the day that the day is known
Well, Gorgon, we already know who she is.
newsboy there is a lot of clue but it is not known
knows that it is still not possible to confirm the
the day we know who is a canetillero
to be a tremendous shame because it is
who is dedicated to talking to all this
people and send them all the folders
that has my things on my things
that if I want to go up whenever I want
to a debate and I threw them in my face, eh?
I don't hide from anything that can
take Javi from mistakes you learn and
You have improved from those mistakes, I follow you
long time ago and you have a big heart that
take your example the other channels are
that literally cannot be the
person I am today without the mistakes that
I have committed in the past would be impossible
It would be impossible to be the person I am
today without the mistakes I have made in
the past would be impossible for me to know
drive here that I defended myself so
you would defend me from having this
ability that the other ability had
that I understood in fact that I understood
the other would be impossible
Okay, it would be impossible for me to be who I am.
Today, if the mistakes of the past are valid, but
uncle is exactly literally what or
whether to start with the one that carries or the one that
keep the account of the newsboy is put
to continue with all these types of people
because whoever it is doesn't have the balls to
confront me get up here get up here with
a Webcam and tell me Look, I have to
say this pim pim pim pim
Why Because it wouldn't fit with your
story and because it doesn't have Gaia either
also it must be said that I don't know
He dedicates himself to talking to all these people
then these people tell you about it
another and the other and everything comes and everything goes
It turns out that he is dedicated
coprograph is not called they are the same
person of those behind that
account is obviously dedicated to everything
that they are filing and saving is worth it
send it to these to these channels to
let them take it out
That is, it acts as public relations
to spread things against me is
how do I give a [ __ ] [ __ ] about that or whatever
literally literally look you get into
on Mia's Twitter and share some
screenshots not on this girl's Twitter
no and share some screenshots no and they are
screenshots of me complimenting me now in
Twitter when I get along with her on
plan How pretty in that photo how pretty
you are I love you so much I don't know what when
He was my colleague and it's like
who the [ __ ]
would keep a folder
my tweets
flirting healthily
to a girl
in the year 2017 and 2016 we go and what if I
He would surely get along with her
I would flirt with him now I also do it with him
I do acne with whoever I want and
with whomever I consider pretty I do it
I do it with Akuma. So what happens?
because you have a partner you cannot say that
a person is very good or is pretty or
whatever it is, I don't think so.
akuma has I don't think akuma has
a folder where you save all the clips
or all the tweets from 7 years ago where
I have told her once how pretty she is
I don't understand the person who is
behind that account is the day that
you're a [ __ ] shame
it's a [ __ ] shame
but instead of taking
defend yourself
Put me here a debate with all that
folder and I'm taking it out, it looks at me pim pim
pim takes all these screenshots and all
These clips that I'm going to answer you
I'm going to answer you all.
luckily unfortunately there is nothing in
internet of my mistakes that
for those who have not had to give up
accounts Now and showing your face is fine but what
I don't understand who can have those
folders who can carry year
accumulating that kind of stuff and now in
instead of doing it
publish it or fight with me whoever
or expose me whoever is to start taking
good with all these people to send him
all folders
It is that this is the marinera that is the
sailor
Yesterday I received a tweet from that account.
I can't go to Teletubbies the other day
He acted like I was
I kept taking it as something like a meme
to justify people laughing at
something and it was like Wait wait
What is it that I don't have Manuel, you and me?
They sent it. I think it was by email.
If you continue it was like in a video the
Another day I said, well, what else?
that people take it as a meme
of Argos No, since justice is not done and
So at least he takes it as
the meme of already because it is a
show called Marlon
regrettable that will go down in history
no and one of the two accounts said
what a joke No what a joke then then you
you were offended when they put [ __ ] in your
face and it's like what the [ __ ] does it have to do with
I mean, I don't have a dog and I say that my
dog is the twin brother of the one I have
to return. So what the [ __ ] are you telling me?
counting what comparison or who
I would defend Marlos's thing, it's that he doesn't have it
sense or that account the day that
appear we will read all of yours
because we will review the
you count the day that you can know why
I am sure that at some point the
law will respond but well basically
this
It seems incredible to me. So, what about
have I done something I make a video and
They throw it directly in my face
That's why we were mentioning the
Teletaby and the Wheelbarrow Driver and the Gorgon
because when Dalas does something
They or they mess with me, look
Now Javi doesn't say anything that leaves me in
peace that I will criticize whatever comes out of my
[ __ ]
And if you ask me the topic here, well
I will tell you my opinion instead of putting in
instead of creating multiple accounts for
dedicate your life to me, spend 5 euros
You send a super chayote, I'll answer you what
Do you think that the da has put a
index but the problem they have
with me it is no longer what Elisa Muchas
thanks The problem is who they carry
They are behind that account with me no longer
is what
what I may have criticized about you
youtuber that defend but I think that
The problem they have is that they don't
I mess with Dallas
I don't mess with Dalas and we have to
mess with him to see I'll take him the
against and I criticize it when necessary
criticize it what I'm not going to put in
toxic youtuber plan Well, look at you
when poor Rich who thinks he is
Dalas has dedicated a video to him when the
Poor is Rich finds out that there are like 20
or 30 like him
That is why I in this your name referred to
no one in particular was in general and about
the whole tweet was no longer going anywhere
youtuber as well as the audience to which
They demand and now we will explain it okay
This is one of those videos that
I would rather not have to do it
I honestly have a lot of
worries about everyday things
that I have to do a lot of
personal and professional things by
example you all know that I have literally
finished in the end the same programming
afternoons with my partner and two people
allows so big it is really
overwhelming at times on top of that
other personal issues that not only
never talk about it in these videos that
I usually tell you my things because I don't
I think they are things that need to be
telling publicly because I don't either
I want it More than anything because many times
These sewers on social networks that
They even have channels dedicated to
make a lot of videos every day
days are really very very very heavy
with the topic of my mental health and they try
constantly attacking me about the
Mental Health, that was the debate this time.
last cloud thank you very much welcome
remind you all that I have left you the
link to be a pinned member on the
chat okay
pinned in the chat is worth the Health
Mental let's see I can think
personally And surely there is
said on some occasion I can think
that the attitude that Dallas has in plan
in several circumstances no
is defined
like any other
person surely based on the
experience you have had in life and
the experiences that have happened
Okay
leaving aside the fact that
in some things you are right, in others you are not
in others it has crossed the line in another
has deserved
leaving aside if gore rises if it puts
a fake index whatever you want
never anyone
never anyone good never anyone
Not exactly, maybe there is someone
Yes, maybe there is someone who has
been through the same thing but it seems to me that
Very few people in the world I think that
Very few people will have passed away
for many things that maybe also
may not be worse, even if they are not
never anyone
most people never leave
to be able to put in the situation is worth the
complaints of gender violence the former
girlfriend going by all means all the
day that by force even though it is
presenting nonsense in court
he wants to be condemned by force
Let's see the law of violence of
Gender does not condemn someone because you
you want
judges it may be that on some occasion yes
Is there any indication he lives nearby or what?
they can put a warrant on you
you can put it in the distance
dungeon is fine but the law of violence
gender is not because you had been
stuck in the fig
They are going to condemn him, he has every indication
abuse does not have to be proven
abuse no In fact no
going to the media going to other parts
of an abuser joining others in
girlfriend to also report speaking
with all the people who are going to or
and now about the trial of the minors or
be you Imagine that you are already passing
for things for things for things for things
judicial and all these issues And of
suddenly you get into trouble
They get you into such a mess that I laugh
ironically okay No no that I'm
laughing at the situation
that get you into a mess of a trial
in Madrid
of cyberbullying of minors
Of course, no matter how innocent you are.
seeing things that are seen many times
That is, I received news from people who
after a year of sticking together and
half in jail because his ex had him
reported there was one I think it was
In Huelva, I have seen cases where I look for it.
after after having hit each other I don't know
how many months in prison or years are there
who was innocent in the end has
proven Because something came out or something
whether you want it or not, no matter how innocent it is
you are the fear that Hey if something slips through
and now if anything works, hey, this is it
First yes, and yes, something does slip through and they get me in.
Even if he doesn't go to jail, he already has
a condemnation that is there in me you know
That boy has been really screwed.
But come on, I can't explain that
someone
set as a goal in life to sink
to someone
then you can fight with her
people you can have an end of a
bad relationship with both friends and
couple like but the years go by and
Let the years go by and whatever happens
passing
It is to hold the head in hand
like Hey please okay
So I can't tell you that.
maybe some of the attitudes
be like
he
how they have treated you on the Internet
things that have happened to you in life
judicial things and such Yes, surely
many of the attitudes surely
many of the attitudes many of the
errors and many of the ways to
defend these things that are happening
lately because in 2019 2020 I had
a spectacular way to defend yourself
with argument pim Pam Pam But there was one
some recent controversies in which the
attitude
It got a little out of hand, no
It is not defending it because you already know that
I have not agreed with many
attitudes but obviously
It is the result of what is for
They've screwed me, that is, this kid
you you listen to videos many you listen
before and during videos and common sense
that I was talking about even though I was very
young and so on, creativity is it
things that have been ruined, let's go, no, that
They come out loaded, not that they don't have it
that has it no but
There is a slab there that has a
a good slab has a pretty slab
Where would he have gone? I think he would have
will think where he would have gotten if he hadn't
would have if I hadn't given into that
those people in life
If I hadn't had that luck, no, and that's it.
not only the topic of couples and topics of
the minor extras and themes no no
Even I know of things that have been done to him
ugly betrayals
friendships and things like that that he himself has
counted no and it's like
That in the end creates an attitude in you that always
a little defensive Although maybe
sometimes there are people who
I want to be assertive with you and give you
any advice or criticism
assertive or maybe someone will approach
with you without any kind without any kind
of interest and you simply know how
that makes you be a little bit on the
defensive Then yes but now from there
to diagnose a mental illness
and in the comments of any video
mine in which we are talking about Dallas
people diagnosing but let's go
[ __ ] eh, I mean, he makes some diagnoses
that neither pulpí
He makes diagnoses that are not even pulpí
Hey, the guy from yesterday diagnosed him with a
mental illness I don't remember what it was
what LP told him Thank you very much Rey
a hug to the guy from the debate before
yesterday
He said that Dalas had a disease
mental because a person who has gore
on your computer and pass it to another computer.
who has a mental illness and how
Well point number one Not necessarily
point number 2
Dalas No darla has not had a goal in his
computer
the gore link I found out about this in
the last hours the Linden la
importance that I give to that not the link
of gore
That is, the gore video was never hosted
in stand-up
but apart from that, who diagnoses him?
someone a mental illness I mean you
you can say it in a way
How do you say non-literal How do you say the
word that I have a little bit left in me
white
in the way you speak you can tell him
This guy has gone crazy, this guy
It's down but not literally but in a plan
I understand that things are going crazy.
lost has lost his papers
you know what I'm telling you in a non-formal way
literal [ __ ] I can't [ __ ] do it
word
figuratively yes
you understand me, you have understood me
metaphor Good
a cliché you know yes in a way
figuratively but not literally you know
Obviously, the girl has already lost her temper.
head is gone It's already going away
pot doesn't give a damn about anything, not something like that, but it is
diagnose No, it's not what they say in
Seriously, I've seen several
comments on my YouTube videos
Javi, what do you think about mental health?
the lately
and maybe he's a brat from Peru or
Chili
which is repeating for the fourth time
second of that
and you stay like
There is one thing we have in common
bootech language Thank you very much uncle for your
by your member welcome
There is one thing that he and I have in common
I'm fine, there are several things that we have in
common But there is one thing we have in
common Thank you very much Hector and it is with the
type of people
We are all psychologists now.
Hahaha, those people are pathetic.
Brian and psychiatrists don't And besides, I
It happens but not because I have joined
with him or that is to say that it is previous there is a
thing we have in common and that is that the
type of people we give to and
we cause people as an obsession. That is
you can take me with you
wonderfully there are people who have
belongs to the fandom
There are people who belong to the
kids from the you-know-what era
regulars in the chat like alanes and va and
all these no and suddenly maybe
for some reason they have become scratched and instead
from talking or whatever they have scratched and
They've been throwing [ __ ] around
recounting private conversations
slandering and defaming is José Eduardo
many and there are people who seem to have
Once your girlfriend is gone, there are people who see you
There are even people out there who we have
financially helped who have come
saying I have this family problem
I need money we have made money for
help him but the one who scratches himself because
ever have any clash with me
It's the same as the dala, they are people who
They are left playing with Javi for life and
This is not asking me what happened to me with Dalas
from the beginning
The vigilante, the rotisserie, the so-called son
people who are already uncles for life
Uncle, I get angry and I get angry, I promise you.
if I right now
I could tell you that with almost all the
world with which I have had some
problem I would be able
look each one on his side and we bury
I swear to you, eh, I mean, I really have
so many important things in life
right now
I have so many important things in the
life right now that literally what
The less I want the bad vibes and O
It's not that I don't want them because
Obviously if someone has a bad feeling
with you you can't help but kind of
no it doesn't mean anything in my life
you understand me I don't know if I don't know if I
love it there you know and in that
Well, Atala also happens to him and people
public hater as such Not only
internet colleagues people with whom
have you had relationships no no people
hater is like she is very sick with him
dollar
There are people who are very sick with
a person on the internet that they don't know
I swear thank you very much, a kiss
there are people
that she is very sick with this boy and no
They know him catering welcome to
Thank you so much, really.
thank you
talking to me or rather talking to
third parties because they never dare to mess with me
to talk trying to always paint myself
as a bad villain figure
person just like what they did
In the past, they were seen
reflected and accuse others in this case
to me what they really are
It is true that yes, on a personal level I have
some
personal dramas that you don't want
explain how we have them all first
time you Don or Javi a greeting from
Mexico a kiss José Eduardo Many
thank you
taking out the harassment that started against you
since that famous video from January already
You had your thing before but let's say that
God created them and Javi created them.
board yes I don't want to blame anyone for
supposed because until it is possible
blame someone and point the finger at someone
when the law feels like doing it
something is worth it but literally since the 30th
Since 30, I don't know if it was 30 but
come on, it's that it's that it's in public
I mean, I have videos, I had my things.
not that of this vigilante type who
He even lost the channel and was
banned on YouTube the other one who made me a
video I'm going to report it and it came out
finally acquitted in the second instance
I beat him in the first place
[Music]
Things have happened to me with ok people
but in the wake of The Last Day of January
from 2019 And that is in pool is
that is in public you can see it in the
direct that's when it all starts
My social media accounts are suspended
Social networks: things happen to me with a fake ID
On YouTube they closed my channels
I remembered when they closed my channels to
From there it was good, the thing started
topic of calls from the ads
many things began
I'm not saying it's anyone's fault
influencer in particular or on any topic
that we have talked about may be that the
fandom that they have is like that
It may be that there are fandoms or not
fandoms as such but maybe it can
be that Dallas haters are like this and like
at that moment how I positioned myself with
Dallas: Well, because it's positioned.
we have to try you
sink life you understand that I have not
I have not blamed anyone I have blamed
made a video as such but rather
It's better not to be a fan of someone
people who do those things to me but
The best are haters, do you understand me?
point but what is Since that date is that
I can't deny it because it's in
live shows in the live shows you can see Hey
guys who closed my account
Hey guys, they've closed me down.
account and I also come out showing the
emails Hey Marcelo the account but what do I
They are saying that because of their plantation of
identity
There is someone with a fake ID of mine
throwing away my social media accounts. I mean
you imagine no you are a freelancer
Imagine that you have one
restaurant chain no And you and you
family you live from that chain of
good restaurant Well it turns out that
There is a person determined to commit a
person or group of people committing
crimes are worth it because it is not saying host
legally you file a report you file
one no no no committing crimes there is
people whose purpose in life is
close your restaurant or then you
purpose that is
that a family is ruined because you don't
like my opinion about something because
you don't like me
and the social network is nothing not only
does nothing places but as you already know
I have said many times
help has been requested for the networks
social and not and do not act do not pay attention
the judges do not pay attention to anyone but
Well, that's it because we won't go either.
Come on, I'm not going to give up, I've already done it
said many times or so
I finished Son, I think no one can beat me.
I've been very worried lately about a
topic of the people closest to me
more wounds for me has a disease
extremely serious cannot be passed
Coming soon we are confident
We are looking forward to your recovery and
that I can get out of this but really
It's a case that worries me. And
probably in some time I
you will see that
It is known what this is about just now
say
Damn, we know what it's about.
what you just said
It seemed to me yesterday Well from here
of course say if it reaches you
message
and anyone who
have more or less contact with me
anyone who knows that has been more or
except my colleague and whatever else is in
my hand if there was something in my hand
anything that anyone needs
his family or friends if he is
something serious that is in my hands It will be something
Here I am, okay, I just got here.
remember when aunt said this to me
left a little
I will try to find out what is happening
it is known
Well, from here, well, I'll try.
find out Also privately but
From here, encouragement with whatever it is and for
Of course I'm here if there's anything in
my hand that may be here I am
Okay
[Music]
I'm not going to find it, man, I'm not going to find it.
find but but yesterday
I swear to you and you're going to believe me, eh?
I swear to you and you will believe me
I can't find it right now I wouldn't know
With what words to search for it I don't know if it was
in one of my tweets or something
uploaded a video months ago yes
[ __ ] I hope not I hope it has
solution
I swear to you that yesterday there were people in
Twitter I don't know if they were responses to
Come on, let's wait, I'm going to look for the
Reach the critic this
because I swear that yesterday I saw a tweet from
this of this group of people who were
saying that Dallas was trying
to feel sorry for a family member
I swear to you
Look man I just looked up his account.
Twitter and it's here live
colleague Mira Javi Oliveira says that
We want to be like Javi in ​​2017. Yes.
Of course tomorrow he will start slandering him.
I tell him to stop sleeping with
minors that I hope he dies and I'm going to
Taking photos at Miare's house with Argos
you are garbage and always have been
literally yes slander and libel or
literally slander and libel in
your videos
Of course, but man, you're here.
and I have taken pictures with Argos
What photo do I have with something uncle that
literally things are invented and
It is already a reality
parallel Well, look at what it has
the person who carries the
newsboy to talk to this guy
of people
Okay, but look at you, man.
You are here live watching the
straight
Okay
and
this one too
Well, I swear that yesterday there were people
of this
Look, this is going to be the answer here.
maybe look
I want to feel your body with you
If you Rosario a kiss heart almost two
years old, huh?
I don't want to go down any further on Twitter to see if
I'm going to find some disappointment but
I swear there were people in fact
saying that Dalas was saying that
someone in your family was sick
to give pity
the public of this of this of these
YouTubers
Javi in ​​Canada, a kiss. Thank you very much.
friend, thank you very much
to say things like that I mean if you give yourselves
count all kinds and now we go there
my twist no now we're going to go mine yes
You realize all the types of
comments from these people for calling it
in some way they are with insults as very
vomitives the Javiera the dog the little dog
from Dallas
I hope you die, you have semen in your mouth.
mouth and I some more disgusting things
They are very disgusting people. I will be traveling.
Coming soon for this problem and maybe
be a little inactive because they are not just
Now the professional things, the things that
You see publicly there are also things
behind the screen and I don't want to
I'm not going to go into detail and say things for no reason.
first privacy that I do not want
people find out either Because also
They are very cruel and they are very evil.
Really very very evil and every little thing
They take advantage of what they get from me
for that And I don't like to be
talking about more personal things than me
affect them personally but I feel that
the time has come to have to do it
because they have been there too long
trying to play with the subject of my health
mentally engaged in making observations
about my mental health of which I do not
They don't have the slightest [ __ ] idea and
It really disgusts and angers me a lot.
Imagine for a moment that I had
some problem with the Dallas Mental Health Department
if the dala had any kind of
Mental Health problem
This amount of people and their audience
Javier is a totally jm judge Many
thanks for the super chat if the dala
had some kind of mental problem
These people would be
harassing and bullying and beating a
person with mental problems up to the
to the point of wanting to drive him to suicide
No, because if you consider it we are going to put
that we are going to put that you consider that
This person has mental problems
Why don't you ignore him?
I have people on the internet who I
I think they have mental problems.
and tried to avoid them
he's been a bit unhinged lately
mental problem is I don't know But
lately unhinged should be taken
a vacation Well Raul that
comment is different to be
crazy something else I can be
unhinged one day you know that's not bad
Well, the bad ones depend, you know, but yes
had a mental problem what is it
you are doing you are helping
to something to solve the mental problem
you are fattening up with a person with a
mental problem
Let's not imagine that it is because I do.
They claim to be psychiatrists and they claim not to be
What are you doing then?
you
Hello, hello, Javi, how are you? Handsome.
Here watching you from my work, greetings
Friend, may the day and night be light to you
If you're at work, a kiss.
Huge, thank you so much for being here.
mainly taking into account that the
majority of garbage that is dedicated to
say about me comes from people
who years ago dedicated himself to joining
all this public harassment of accusations
super beasts that were against me
the truth is in fact looking back today
Today I still don't understand what it's like
It is possible that people believed that
the amount of nonsense they said about me
Especially with the fully profile
put that kind of donkeys that said they are coming
of the same, that is, they are literally
people who are lifelong forum members
daily life and all that fishing the forum member the
Lloriel the I don't know who
It's a year old, man, but it's years and years and years old.
and years eh
How can you be a character of
internet that you don't know about anything so
obsessed
I mean, because maybe if you have a
means of communication of criticism or
have
a YouTube channel about gossip and you continue
talking about the same thing for years
person really bad whatever no but
But in the end they are people from the public or
They are random people, so to speak.
what were they saying at that time okay
These are the same scum that of course
They had to admit Yes or yes for less
The vast majority of them would have to
recognize that all accusations
against false looks They also continued
with the desire and continued with the need
Acosta's whatever it was trying to sink me
trying to make me look as low as possible
possible and now they are the same as
They dedicate themselves to saying good things that
What they said about Dallas were lies. Yes.
but Dalas is also very crazy
and everything that the typical has just done
man it's like they want to create a fake
feeling of objectivity or neutrality
okay saying good good about the
abuse is what abuse is, I am with you
Dallas Dalas is innocent and is not
pedophile but there is something strange but it is not
pedophile but now
if the yes gives the decal a drawing
or colors it wrong 18 videos
But if the person who accuses him of
Abuse goes on television for seven years
then as if nothing had happened
years with exactly the same mentality
the same thought and repeating the
things that have already been superimposed on
true I mean like, well, they had
the noses of if they had the noses
from her the press to say burning them was
It was loving them that was not Argos
because they had filed the case. The case is
Even if they file your case, your aunt is low
The press is already saying
Well, you can literally go 0 videos, I don't know.
have learned about the issue is that the issue is not
What is interesting is that the subject is tiring and there
comes the tweet that now Well now
I go into depth because I do know that the
tweet it out here in this video that
That's why he mentions me if he gives the decal
a [ __ ] drawing, so it can make you laugh
It's that I calculated a drawing because
Really Dallas I think put like a
tweet saying no he is not a character
I just made it up or something and
then it turned out that yes, maybe it wasn't
I don't know if it was a non-literal translation but
an inspiration or a copy like that no but
dedicate a [ __ ] video to that reminds me
to Javier Oliver 2018 literally
You can dedicate a live extract to it
that you're live no and but a [ __ ]
edited video and making you a [ __ ]
Host research finding A
what the person who did the job does
cosplay guy who collects a [ __ ] drawing
It would literally be like being made
a good video that there are that make me
threads
it would be literally as if it
you made a [ __ ] awesome video
because I copied a meme from Twitter
because I copied a tweet
literally it would be exactly the same
But what am I telling you? So in
plan here in the youth live shows
We often deal with topics that
better a youtuber has said something wrong or
a hint I don't know what an extract is worth
You speak live, you do a live show
many things and you cut it into extract and
You upload it, okay? But it was a [ __ ] video.
of that or several
super concerned about the dignity of the
creators and illustrators and
cosplay artists
and then it happens
The Argos case is reopened
after they have gone to the press to
say that it is archived
and then the interview in
television on Antena 3 and don't talk about it
topic Well, let's not talk about it, it depends on what
channels No, it doesn't catch my attention
It seems very expensive to me, but it's typical.
the typical one of trying a fake one
objectivity of no no but Dalas that
Dalas is innocent of being a pedophile.
means that it is not a
a deranged person
unpleasant, repulsive schizophrenic
slanderer
He is such a bad person and he is so horrible and
They are I don't know what, he has brought it upon himself.
just blah blah blah well all these koreas
I honestly tell you, it makes me want to
vomiting is real subhuman garbage
They don't even know what they're saying ever
Would you even dare to tell me which ones?
These are the things that I have done so badly and
What usually happens is that
They try to treat him as mentally ill
mainly when I have complained about
people they idolize
example all this garbage that has gone
spreading like a snowball
which started more or less when I made the
video I made to ibai for those who don't
Remember, he's a real stalker.
He did not hesitate for a moment to say such things
nonsense like me and he abused me
sister and a bunch of other nastiness
rejoicing that I lost my job and
were going to try to put them in jail
kind of things The guy dedicated himself to winning
a lot of family for it because
stay on Twitter get scenes from
thousands of tweets or likes like that
and what I did in essence in my video
It was to show how the guy is a bad guy
person and a horrible being I am
occurring over time with
many other youtubers who again
I repeat, they are very bad harassers
careful and attacked me relentlessly
for many years laughing at
my misfortunes illuminating me directly
and generally going to bed inciting the
super beast harassment against me and it's supposed to
for these people that somehow I
I have the story of ibai would be long
but the story is that it could have been
given otherwise In my opinion I had
you agree with the Ibai issue, yes. I mean
I have no problem with eBay
I even have a certain cordiality or a
good vibes when we interact but not
It's not like we're colleagues, far from it.
but we have coincided in series and so on
No, and we have made some cameos on his channel.
Elsa passes by here and such but
objectively
I went and it happened a lot like many years ago
Yes man of course I was obviously going to go to
today is much smarter
They know the position they are in will be fine
advised and will not fall into those things
but it happened Okay then there were many
more things I made a video that is about
there in the main where I demonstrated and
I found many more things that I was going to and
had deleted or rather put many more
things a couple of tweets a stalker
Man, I wouldn't call him a stalker.
Okay, I consider him a person.
who unjustly joined the crowd as
We added a lot, okay? But there I don't know.
how clear the best thing is for me when they tell me the
word stalker because I compare it with another
people from the forum gossiping or that kind of thing
nasty things like Apple chafer and
the companies that had no and how about
Then maybe not Because besides not
There were a couple of isolated tuyas but yes
that were a few things that
They were barbarities, a stalker, I'm not
I would say a stalker, I would say a person
that went quite over the top in a few
how many times is it worth? It went over the
It scratches quite a bit and in that video I put
very ugly hints that he said and it's not me
no one stops to throw a fit at him
no one from someone in 2017 because I said
even worse nonsense no but he said
He said more nonsense than he
took Dallas out in his video now well
if you
you go
If you are going to expose it that way
first pull of the way in which
put him in those videos
Well there it goes, they are not going to do anything to it.
better I mean I believe today that I am
less guerrilla, which is better
hitting the cape in another way is worth it or
I understand that I understand that from your
point of view he has stayed and
keep in mind every person who
peat will be added as a species
I have to give it back to you, okay?
I understand, eh, I understand
but
It would have been maybe
more beneficial and would have reached a
better port because Dallas is not going to
destroy ibai or Rubius or
none of these with a video For more
that it has been demonstrated
that you can expose the youtuber that
sea
that in the end everything if they continue working
their roll and even if they are hitting
capotazos to not respond to the controversies
Look Tom Gameplay dude understands me or something
Whatever may come out and what has happened to you
whatever that is not going to destroy it
It will even continue on the contrary because
Here I disagree with one thing that you
I'm going to say now okay But oh well
Closing the eBay topic Closing the
eBay issue went too far
very worth it you have a video there
on my main channel that I take out there
almost all the things he deleted and goes and
There were many things that were worth mentioning there.
I would surely back down
way he put it dala I mean I've already
stopped messing with you I got involved
with you in the past
You have every right in the world to
Throw it in my face and complain but if in
instead of doing it that way
would have done it differently
diplomatic And go and if I had seen in
I think it would have been seen
fact would have been seen in the situation
to apologize
you don't believe you don't agree with me
Let's see if I did in the past
Someone has been kicking me out in Caracas for a while.
three, four or five years I put this on him
this and this
If you don't apologize, I'm a [ __ ].
human trash
but of course what the side and the environment
eBay will claim that how are they going to
apologize to Dalas who said that
I don't know what I don't know how I remember the
things the videos said but it wasn't
I think mine would have been shaped like
It would have been better for someone else
it would have been beneficial for him or that is
an apology from ibai in an uncle way is fine
and he talks to you live and you mention yourself
skillful and beautiful and Uncle Chur mentions you
and he mentions you. I mean, it's not because we
I want to mention to you what you don't want
you know how to get into it but if you
That video would have been better with a
shape
better
you had won more than that, that is, if you already
if you are trying to expose what
you have become a loved person you have
that you play more with it even if you are right
you have to play more with the way of
do it and when you are such a character
media and you have so much experience
you should know it, okay, yes, yes, there were
if Dalas had done it differently
and the video would have resonated with people
and people would have said [ __ ] what was going on
[ __ ] disgusting how you went too far but of course yes
you are like that making the video
and you go grab onto that or even throw it at him
to attract apologize because he says
[ __ ] I'm going to apologize after this
This video is the other one about colacao
Dallas overuses the word stalker
It was all harassment, and he always tries
expose others if you don't knock anyone down
No one is obliged to apologize to you
You can make someone look bad but knock them down.
to a person who is also loved by
that way No [ __ ] Do it another way and
as if the video had made an impact on people
and people would have been pleased
and maybe go live with a video
exclusive will not dedicate to you but I was going in
a direct would have said Hey, I came with
This kid, I was wrong, you have to see what
that has made him pass Hey from here
Dalas I'm so sorry
and to hell with it and it would have been left
it would have been super good
Hector Thank you very much Rey would have
It turned out super well because it would have
benefited greatly than a person
as I was going and said, well, hey, look, listen to me
just like Sara began and just like
auron did it
But of course with Auron he has never had
those forms
Ok, but well, what I don't agree with
What I agree with him here is that I don't believe
that people who become obsessed with it and
that he has and that he is so disgusted by
I don't think they are people who have it
crossed because at some point he
has messed with his favorite YouTuber
Diego López Thank you very much, I think that
It's the other way around, I think.
I think they are people who are so
bad with Dallas
bad with Dallas that when the
Dallas criticizes someone or gets into
against someone these people are made in
fan and support whoever is criticizing the
Dala you know the opposite of what he
is saying according to me eh And apart from that
I have seen that, I have experienced it with my
eyes are not that there are people who have it
crossed because he has messed with me
favorite youtuber because my youtuber
favorite dreff no no no no no no no no
They are people who are people who are
They have been so busy all their lives
bad with the Dallas that if the Dallas
mess with grefg and become a fan of grefg
This is how I see it
When he put the mouse, nobody paid attention to him and
There he was right. Well, it's not that he
They would pay so little attention to Electric
because
people like auronplay and wismichu left
to follow Town and many others
big youtubers who followed each other
counted and not only did they leave it
Follow catcher Thank you very much
and not only did they stop following him but
that also wismichu many times in
their live shows have put them in the Town and the theme
Town named him Dallas
This is like
You will remember when I exposed it, I leave it
another redhead about the jota courses
redhead I was the person who took it out
and from my video the cat came out
Rodinger, I'm a loser, I don't know what
but since I am the colleague of the dal or
friend of dala or a gossip channel
credits went to Rodinger's cat
because his videos are about science
[Laughs]
and because it is progressive
Well, it's the same example
I have to magically forgive all
These things make me forget all the damage
that they have done not only to me but
also to my loved ones and
magically not Search for any kind of
revenge against these people This is what I
say the same people who still know
They still remember when a partner
class criticized them with their friends and
These people are still burning with anger because of this
truth is the most hypocritical thing that exists in
the damn world does not exist only once
person on the face of the earth who
be able to forgive and forget no longer
things as serious as what happened to me
to me but much smaller things
most of the population is still
They still remember when a partner
I criticized them at work, maybe
having had a fight with anyone
another person and they are still
some spiteful people, however, all this
all these scumbags pretend to be
me that I am some kind of super
human and that if I dedicate myself to complaining about
harassers like Levine and many others
youtubers who are dedicated to making
some posts on social networks inciting
harassed me relentlessly for
a lot of time I magically
although all this forgive and forget it
because of course if I attack the youtuber who
you have idolized me for things that have
made my own mind Oh how can you
Saying that is a stalker joke
composed so badly in the head But
honestly, for everything that has happened to me
past I am very good at level
psychological at the level of Mental Health
I feel very well and that all this
trash of scum I dedicated myself to trying
make observations about my health
mental to say that he lost his mind
that if I'm crazy about literally
dedicate myself to exposing the same people in
his day was spent harassing me
It seems to me explicitly. Really.
absurd, I can't get my head around that
capacity for hypocrisy so cheap that
They are dedicated to having when these same
people are the same
not for the other but to impact the audience
You mean Will Smith, not the video.
apologies from the other day not if you
you want to apologize to someone
plants at the door of your house and
you apologize or call him directly
You don't make a super-advised video with a
sign that says peace and love will save
the world
I think it's great that Chris Rock
don't accept his apology, that is
My mother cannot suffer because of you
you're a [ __ ] chav
okay because you have to hit me one
host invade my physical space and
personal I mean if my sitting is bad
joke or is it in bad taste caster Many
thanks A big kiss then Shut up in my
dead Answer me glue that a
pull your ear with your voice you know there is
many ways to look better
or unable to be themselves mentally
stable are much smaller nonsense
What happened to me, I'm going to tell you
really What is the reason what happens
behind all this as you all know
For many years they have been studying and accusing me
of the worst crimes that someone can commit
have their backs abuse women abuse
animals abuse children, that is, they put me
literally the worst of the worst of the
worse on top of my reputation for
try to sink as deep as possible and
That is a stigma that even though
Many people can no longer repeat it because
They know that they are real nonsense.
saying for a long time is something
that is still there in my history
and unfortunately, look for example
a thought just came to my mind
example now that he has said what he said about the
things that the man accused him of
we interviewed the other day that for
supposed
It is a super traumatic experience
also Rafael Marcos
Vichy is interviewed on the channel
major
Rafael Marcos if you saw that interview in
my main channel
that situation that is going to happen man
it has to be [ __ ] crazy too
That situation is for him to hit you or be
It has to be a package tie-down
and they are accusing you of raping your
son on top because they don't love you
return you know or rather tremendous no
Rafael marked with all her [ __ ] with everything
your grapefruit that there is Thank you very much to
Rafael scored with all his Irene grapefruit
Montero and Ana Pardo de Vera get to
say publicly on television and in
public events after having
pardoned I mean imagine what he has
what to feel Rafael Marcos Vale
Well, Rafael scored after all that
has passed to his son's kidnapper
Irene Montero is pardoned because
kidnapper starts saying that
feminist who is from Podemos and who
husband is an abuser
That is, it is the level of what is in
Spain right now with Irene Montero there
Ok then Irene Montero and Ana Pardo
de Vera They start saying it on television
that this man is a rapist of a
pedophile who has raped his children and
and that it is normal that this lady
kidnapped their children and had it
stuck in a cabin where the hell
had a few years without taking it to the
schools and nothing which interview in the
main channel is that the channel
main is super shadowed nor
quote the ban that the channel has
Main okay But well There we are
working on the main channel there is a
video was an interview I did on
Last Monday Rafael Marcos looked at her
Parental kidnapping is brutal. Okay then.
Rafael Marco
with his story telling his story
it went to the broth tbh they made a
crowdfunding to denounce these people
okay in crowdfunding in a few days
raised 100,000 euros and Rafael Marco
is acting with the law against Irene
Montero and against Ana Pardo de Vera
people are with Rafael Marco imagine
that Rafael Marco had made a video
an interview losing its manners
people maybe
we would still have empathy with him with
what happened to him but if it had been
a rude person would have lost his temper or
would have insulted would have been lacking
respect Rafael there were people who did not
I would have empathized with Rafael Marco.
has maintained its position using
the law that if for that if for there
you know So that's why I have the example
that I want to explain to you, that is, I think that
he should have played a little more I know
that is difficult of course No I am not
justifying or minimizing what
they said
I was one of the ones who did it
but he would have played his cards differently
manner
It is still associated with my name that
trash despite having fought
so much for having defended me
so many times It is still associated with me
These people, what was really wrong with him
They wanted to follow me to Costa de
whatever it was, which doesn't matter what I
make me controversial for absolutely
anything ideally I can do
any stupidity that does not have the
lesser significance than not even winning
money with it will be there behind
touching the balls not for example one of
the stupidest cases that happened ago
a few months the whole case of the drawing you
Do you remember the theme of the drawing? It is a
drawing where I was trying to practice
the color that wasn't even traced
that he didn't even make money with that
drawing and all the rats started
trying to scratch fame from the subject of the drawing
The clown whose photo I found on
Google went completely crazy.
try to gain fame for Costa than
out
in a second I'll go for the katanas
The drawing theme was a
tremendous [ __ ] time are to
[ __ ] for tremendous is one
tremendous [ __ ], it is criticizable yes it is
criticizable to see clearly Yes you can
criticize whatever you want but it is
a stupid person in the mood to comment on it
better at the beginning of a video than you
you're making a video in general
because you give him a criticism and goals
There, what is said about the drawing is worth it
example a lot of garbage channels
rabble and other failed artists
dedicating himself to saying a lot of [ __ ]
when literally that was
practicing the color of the drawing that
The color was important because with that
you all know that I also
They did the same with the issue of my
songs that filled them with dislikes
everywhere songs that don't have
Nothing wrong objectively Simply
I had produced when I was
Learning to compose songs is seen
that they are going to put a lot of [ __ ] with
the subject of books also responds to it
Same They are simply Scum they are
there behind what they can for
try to sink and I know that many
You will ask, and why you and not others?
Well, mainly for two factors:
tribe factor that I'm not involved in
no tribe and I have explained this to you
many times in other videos and the
second part the fa of what my great
defect my great virtue is that I like
I like to speak bluntly
talk honestly and about topics that
Many of them get angry about people
You all know what I'm talking about, topics of
politics religion things that are in themselves
controversies and many people are angry that
you have an opinion contrary to them
because you start to like yourself a lot
rubbish like you believe with reason
absolute when they are really the ones
who believe with absolute reason until the
point that looking for Only that you do not have
the reason you but also seek that
You are also the worst person in the world
and you see this guy is the worst Dalas the worst
of the world and that's why it gives me what it says
He is right and they play with that. Well, with that
most important and most relevant thing I have
I probably that is my word that
It is what is most valuable to me at a public level
It is what has worked the most publicly
during all this
the critic
I mean, just imagine Ritch the
critic is someone to correct you something
I mean, but let's see
This guy looks
Dalas review is a youtuber who has
greatly influenced this platform And
unfortunately it has not been for the better
but for the worse this is due to staying the
He goes from door to door fighting with everyone
the world and the vast majority of these
Fights are due to people not
share their point of view and to
Dallas this is unforgivable but without
doubt Dalas has made mistakes
that have earned him the hatred of
many people and before I thought that I didn't know it
deserved but after the things that
made my opinion last year has
changed about that that's why
Today we will see three mistakes made by
Dallas second half three mistakes made
number 3 victimhood this is an aspect
from Dallas that bothers me a lot or because of
that people personally are a
aspect that bothers him a lot are the
I don't like victimists at all.
and what bothers me the most is that it gives the
put what happened to him in each topic of the
who speaks an example that I remember now
This is the occasion when he spoke with Leo Ozuna
the thing is
I have not seen this debate, there are a thousand
things from Dalas and a thousand videos that you don't
I see, man, there are so many topics that I
whole of the ones I like the most or I
interest
for many more years
basically
in the universe
and this is just one example but
literally gives them this to each one
moment and once you do it then it's
Well, hey, maybe your case will help you.
to use it as an example in some
occasion But with every thing that happens he
He comes out crying and saying that I
the same thing happened
Poor me
I'll put it in
Let's imagine for a minute that a
little man like Rachel criticizes
have an opinion with some value now
then we listen to what you have to say
But
He deleted the live stream, he didn't say what he did
a live broadcast to talk about
He didn't say that he did a live show to talk
about the interview with the ex of
Dallas to defend it and to defend it
was
Yes yes and there was no there was no done a
direct to talk about that You know Today is
the day
Javi please I'll pay for your house but no
show more of that
Well, I'm going to show something else, eh?
pay attention to this pay attention to this look
He made me a video seven days ago
to the second third video that the theme of
Pissing on Antena 3 was the trend
makes a video of the gore that had happened
was already more burned since The pipe A
Indian
the critic
It is undoubtedly a truly wonderful channel
lamentable a person who takes
personal all the controversies to the point of
For example, dedicating 80 videos to Choco
just to say that he has more
merit that auronplay
I didn't dedicate 80 videos to Choco because
to say that it has more merit
auronplay and I have not taken the
You're going to talk about 80 videos of someone.
I mean, but I don't
I didn't take the controversy as a person
I don't get it from the multi-account crash
I have taken on staff because because it is a
pathetic channel I have taken it to the
personal because literally one of the
multi-accounts of the clash that seems to be the
people have fantasies about creating themselves
multi-account against me one of the
multi accounts of the choca
It was Eugenio who was exclusively for
my
but Dalas appears nevertheless
insulting Ari Gameplays doing
threats of me going through gore getting into it
with the physique of people and the
Javier's response is that I am now
making more mistakes than in 2020
he wasn't doing better, he doesn't want to
say that now everything is tremendous As
For example, the other day Turbo Blanco was already
He went to say that he was committing a
crime of five years in prison Yes, then
What's wrong with that opinion?
because for Javi everything Daniel does
It's a simple, unimportant mistake but
However, the chocas says a couple of
nonsense on Twitter and we see Javi
taking 80 videos and a couple of silly things
he crashes
a couple of nonsense, you collide, that is
Let's see if you visit Lollipop here
trying Yeah well be careful eh is
trying Good good visits and because
are you talking about me from Dallas if not no
It doesn't even have half of this but it is
trying to win over people who support
you crash and redirect them to hate
give the mob the herd effect but
look at you
a couple of nonsense you crash
say that you have a colleague who is the
[ __ ] master because he takes advantage of the fact that
aunts are drunk in a nightclub
so that it is a win-win and you earn more
ease of taking them home
at least that nonsense at least not
Now he's going to defend what he did in Choco.
when it seems much more serious to me
that he said that the Dallas and I put
a gore link that redirects you to a
page
literally or to wismichu that is
it happens to promote some hamburgers
vegans and we watch all the channels
gossip dedicating entire video sagas
on that topic but
entire saga of videos on the subject of
Wismichu's burger
What is the saga? Let's see which one.
It is the saga
It was a video no
it was a video
all of them does everything that he has done
lately And curiously that is the day
rest from the salsa channels
but back to the topic
As
let's see what you've done lately
refers to Ari's video and all that
refers to
that I have taken a break
these days no
this this this
Here he talks about the goal of the index of everything
plus those of the secondary channel
What is the rest if I was there?
making [ __ ] videos about the topic despite
that I couldn't see why I had had surgery
the eyes
topic as you know recently Dalas has
been putting gore links on your
Dallas afternoon pages
has been doing that lately
da the lately has been putting
link links
on your download page
you enter these fingers and you
you find full of linde gore is a
website right now I'm late
the fairest page on the entire internet and
passing gore to people which he
has publicly admitted now moving on to
the person eh
passing now has been dedicated to going one
one to all users and passing it on
gore without any scruples and without any
problem
well overall
let's see
For Dallas defender this simply
It's a troll, a girl tied up and something that
People have already exaggerated that for Javi
This is not important at all, okay?
Look what this guy did in the debate.
boy
boy huh
something like that
you shared a tweet that he put good
It wasn't from two days ago, it was a little more
and what was said was said live
what is your content
defends what Daniel has done
this
said that I had said that I had told you
today but I want to we already talked about it
that you wanted Javi had arrived
to one of the main chains of
Spanish television being nervous
You started insulting, that's crying
being against my area
pay attention to what he did in the debate
colleague, eh, not against Dallas
then continue with the mother and that is
Follow me on Twitter, no Javi, I'll tell you.
pet to you for defending it
indefensible For example that video of the
What are you talking about, Javi defends that gore?
It would be a very clear example of why
You are a pet But it seems to you that
What is happening in my area is indefensible.
yes indefensible totally laser leng ha
post on Twitter that has not made a
video of this topic because maybe not
We like your opinion and we continue with it
mother of miers
Yes, there is obviously one there.
relationship and obviously doesn't want to
talk about the topic because you want to continue
getting along with those people. I mean you
Do you think I'm Laserlen's friend?
the same one who does not see what happened as news
miare on flooxer says that the channels of
gossip does not cover certain topics
completely
I still remember when he victimized himself with
two jsj
It's going to have to be uploaded but it looks terrible
but it is literally news
that has come out in
the world is worth
and in other media
Okay
because now they have come out because this
people wander the press to spread their
things not but literally it is a
news that has come out Even in the
press six days ago in the world
You're the one who put them in, I didn't mean it
I was referring to channels like yours
like the pitiful ones. Let's see, tell me more examples.
I have balls
directed at the audience
is more targeted
Alan can be a YouTuber at 34 years old.
talk about the topic because it is not
currently uploading videos me acerbasky
I have no idea why anyway
But just imagine only
that
pretended oh that I'm not sharing
the screen that this boy intends
have some credibility or two years
and that my word be trustworthy in that my
word is always to tell the truth
So this Scum always plays with
try to destroy the most important thing that
I have to have my credibility, which is what
that I have been working on the most during
All these years another problem I have
It's that stalker trash that I have
They are not simply scattered groups
of people who do not know or have any
ringleader God everyone has a head days
specifically that they are a lot of
channels of incredible failed pieces
just like Luis Ardogui says
recently a video about him because
all this [ __ ] scum was literally going
years obsessed with me but at levels
exaggerated many of them tried
be my little friends on your day just like
Luis Sardo
Bitcoin that day something changed within the
bear didn't get it And then what
did was get attention as well
for my part but on the negative side and
It was also partly my fault
having given them importance from a
first moment because they understood
the moment in which they dedicate themselves to some
moment they can get an answer from me
When this happens they really get into it
like a bomb in the face because
completely exploits their lies
who are dedicated to saying that like everyone else
You know they are all pieces of
cowards are all the letters and
They deny something as simple as a
debate a live discussion because
what uncle let's see if you It's that I
the thing about not accepting debates is not them
I understand if you have such a clear topic
you have made an edited video you have made your
hours searching for your information and extracting
your conclusions What problem do you have in
a [ __ ] debate
it's more about not being right
Well, the world isn't ending for you either.
whether I have a debate with someone and
In the end, that someone shows me that I
I was wrong because OK we have done
a debate we have made here content us
we have entertained people have enjoyed
AND
the work does not
I don't know why he gets sweaty or nervous.
that
I also want to have a debate, don't you?
I will never understand in my [ __ ] life
in [ __ ] life more than fear more than
fear that you know you don't
That is, if you do not accept a debate
simply that and you dedicate yourself to this
it's just that you know that you don't
It's just that you are clear that
They lie. Because if you are convinced of
that what you are saying is
true you do it Hey then no
you know how to defend your position well
okay is different while not the
[ __ ] on disrespect in doing the
[ __ ] How did he do laser here? Uy
laserle does not rule the critic here
another day
making fun of insults and laughing nervously
as long as you don't screw it up there What
There is a problem with a debate they love
is to dedicate himself to lying with his videos
scripted trying to get things done
How can they find a place to only have one?
version of the story and not being able to have
both and then there are also people who
take things and clips out of context
you literally manipulate them even to
not to cover things up so that they don't
It seems like things must be done
justifications in between for
try to dismiss these debates by saying
things like
manipulate Shut your mouth for real if
one is right, one is right, there is no way
to be able to manipulate that into a discussion
between two people there is nothing
manipulable of that and if you didn't have
fear because you know perfectly well you
you would be at the level of the garbage that
it is literally what you are I would accept
that discussion but you don't accept it because
You know perfectly well that you would look terrible
So we can be mythomaniacs.
like Luis Sardo but is also
that they are extremely cowardly which
They are interested in maintaining this state
constantly dedicating himself to gaining the audience
that I have managed to anger God
mine talking about things annoying repulsive
and they are always playing with that trump card of
make videos and I don't have time
to answer truth because people
personal problems that I have for a
aside things that I have to worry about
my loved ones and on the other hand the
professional things I have to do
literally never before had
programmed in web development
I'm literally working without exaggerating
I'm doing about 12 hours a day each
day at least as a minimum in everything
What am I doing apart from my channels?
or my live shows are very difficult too
having to waste time
seeing all this garbage, these rats
failed and have to be
answering because it is something very tiring
having to watch the nonsense that
They say responding and that's what we are here for
Now in this video here in fact there is no
been the only one who has noticed but
that Javi has also realized and
I want to say one important thing and the
I really hope you don't mind me saying
This is the truth because I think that this
public knowledge that we do not follow each other
mutually on Twitter okay he doesn't me if to
I don't follow him and it's that since
And again I hope this doesn't bother you.
bothered but for quite some time
obviously because I say it or not but
yes it is not that it is that at the moment
that we stopped following each other
within 10 minutes there was Twitch
I mean, I think there are people with the
notifications enabled from who I follow and
I don't follow and so on no
literally there were channels of these
pitiful that he doesn't follow you, he doesn't follow you
because you have not given him the reason here
I know how much you are already drawing your conclusions
saying that he had blocked me and
as we have not stopped following each other
simply
That doesn't mean that it's in
against him and that he has nothing bad to do
tell you about him or anything like that or
be simply
Not me that is It's been a long time since I last
we talked there was distancing too
you know but there is no problem or so
there is no literal problem
It's just that I can't say anything bad about it.
It's not that this is going to be awful, it's that
I can't stand this, I just can't say
nothing bad because literally not everything
On the contrary, we are going the complete opposite, that is to say
I could only say very good things
that is, at the relationship level only
I could say good things we are not
friends and the truth is thank you very much
welcome there was a time when I
I considered him to have exaggerated it
the least my best friend the reasons
Obviously I'm not going to say them here and no
They are public reasons, even ok. No
I say this so that you go and say ah
the reasons are not public, I don't know, I don't know
In fact
I don't really know what the reasons are.
For me the reasons are the reasons are
disagreements of their different opinions
but there has been no fight nor has there been
there has been nothing but distancing in
time and such because each one goes his own way
roll each one has his own life each one
It has its things but
Yes, it is true that we have had
an unexpectedly good relationship as well
eh because
There really were a lot of [ __ ] who
when
we became friends yes because we have been
friends yes yes we have been friends let's see It's
I have not had any luck in the either
life in the sense of real life not in
internet real life I have had good ones
friends I have a best friend who
I have since I was six years old. Okay.
but I haven't had many friends like
I have met many colleagues like this when
I was young and went out in all the neighborhoods
neighbors we knew everyone
I knew in the clubs I don't know what but
a relationship
relationship with people who were in the
good and bad that will not fail me
I don't know what I'm talking about in real life.
eh I haven't had that luck You know I for
example I see that well I have a better one
friend Only and a friend a very
good friend is also worth it
but a good friend like this
typical that for example my sister has
her group of four lifelong friends
all life to the death of the good
bad I don't know what you know
but yes yes I mean it was a relationship as well
unexpected that there were many fools in his
moment when he started saying that it was like
because
as he had reported me, well there was
people who say it was out of mutual interest
he so that I could defend him and I so that
that he would not report things to me, reasoning
from child to little boy
the people who said that because they really
Yes, there was a complaint, he didn't report me.
He didn't report me, he was going to
report But the first thing they put on
before a complaint is a ballot
conciliation after the ballot
conciliation you report if there is no if
There is no conciliation. Then yes.
complaints And now they have to admit you
the complaint is processed or not, which is very
It would probably have gone wrong for me
because I said some stupid things that
better not have Maybe seeing how
things are going the way they might not have
nothing has arrived but I personally
not only because I got advice but also
Simply because I personally
I knew I had gone too far
reviewing everything that had been said about him
me when he started saying publicly
that he had reported me for the things
that I said about him that they were
enough
reportable. I mean, there is a video where I
portrait of everything I don't remember that I'm going to
to say in the video but it was for
apologize
I didn't believe that he was going to go to me
report
I thought it was a lighthouse
a lie is worth it in that interval of time
before I get the ticket
of conciliation and then that is what
I'm going to say it's completely domain
public is not a lie I am not lying
making up an excuse or anything for it
style I went too far in his
moment I thought I was a bunch of people or
be it I didn't do it with bad intentions or
I obviously went too far.
intention was to hurt him but in another
side because he was a donkey and also
because I believed that some people were
victims that what was said was true
and the whole thing is worth it Then there was a
moment between between
before I got that ticket
conciliation that came to me as to both
or three months you know
There was a moment when I began to realize
count things worth there was a time when
the one that I little by little had there was there was a
in understanding things the live fell
[ __ ] seriously it has fallen directly into
this moment
has fallen as in the best moment no
It's the perfect time to put the
direct only for members that can be done
do
let's see wait wait wait that can be done
I would be a jerk if I did that.
Let's see, but that doesn't exist, not a live show.
members only does not exist
yes it exists
We put this from now on
Direct members only Yes or yes yes
I literally think so
I think we're going to do this part of the live show.
to start doing member-only
because I think it's the most powerful part
I'm going to try it I'm going to try it
because only for members because it is the
The most powerful part will be after
public for everyone
I'm going to try it. But this works, let's see.
This really works
right now it's members only
but about half of them are going to leave
the spectators
Well we have been left alone
left at zero
we have been left at zero
It looks good on YouTube now
It is already available on YouTube
the live stream doesn't appear on YouTube
loot a zero I have removed the direct
Don't [ __ ] with me
Yes you see it, yes you see it, we are live.
Of course what does not appear is the is the
marker
No
The biewer was blocked but nothing is seen.
damn dude I'm going to put it I'm going to put it
open is a joke
No, I don't like those things, I don't like them.
those things don't have to be tiring
you don't have to be tired, I open it, I open it
we open it we open it we open it of course
that it returns to the people
and why do they remove the viewers no no no
I've removed them. Look, they're back.
I mean, but there are 2,600 spectators. That's it.
It means that there are 2,000 2,600
There are members in the channel, greed
Javi No no no no no no no no no no
his fame rose to him
The video didn't really appear to me anymore.
Okay, okay. You're all here. I don't know anymore.
look good no
It looks good, right?
It looks good not to lift your little finger in the
chat
raise your finger to show me what you see
good
lift your finger
little finger emoji little finger emoji
Line emoji I want to feel your body
complete
but you're already late I've put it in
open to everyone
[ __ ] but don't be a [ __ ] it's a day
we have to do the
one day we have to do
a live show just for members, huh?
any exclusive interviews you do
some move has to be for member
Hey
we have to make some moves
only for members, okay, good
cut off what he was saying at the part
more importantly one of them was not cut off
the most powerful parts
Thank you so much
Uriel Thank you very much It was cut in a
powerful part in which I was
explaining the topic of my relationship
with Dalas as it arose no
and I, Juan, do one live show a month alone
for member then we are going to do it
It's also that I believed that it was
They could put the live broadcasts for members
but when you were already finished I didn't
I knew I could do live shows for
members issuing it
we have never done it, we are never going to do it
because there are many of us. I mean, if there are 2,600
people here is that there were 2,600
members I don't think I'm wrong dog me
you have made me spend a euro I will take off the
tie to save now save
Take off your tie you can put it on and
remove live because I didn't know that
I really didn't know that, but oh well
but anyway, thank you very much to those who
You are making members But well now
They are open okay
the subject of my relationship with him as
it arose yes
What I was telling you is valid
I'm already disconnected and the thread was going very well.
uncle
saying
I apart from that apart from that he I him
I had anger, spite, that is to say, it was a
person that I didn't like at all
no internet but for the image
also prejudging the image that
People talked about him and things like that
Well, it seemed like I was backing out.
but there was a transition you
you saw the transition in public dry x
Thank you very much you saw the
transition the change in Dry in public
the famous Game Over not before continuing
over me and there are many companions who
also friends who were quite good
friends of mine too At that time
David Betancourt thank you very much
huge kiss
In the Genoese comments they put it
there was no transition
in change of opinion that was already being
brewing in private [ __ ] It's that this
[ __ ] is that [ __ ] It's that this this other
It's that look here is that pin is that bread
Javi don't you realize Look at this look at such
and
I already realized the incident
and when you realize the percat you
you start to realize many things
the time you know
My criteria has changed a lot in that
sense
with this case
and the experience with this case to me
has helped to have a certain criterion and
skepticism in other cases the issue of
rociíto the Johnny Depp theme are themes
that I had not criticized and would have
exposed in the same way if not
I would have had the years of experience
fighting with the daily forum the years
of experience
with the Twitter herds and that kind of thing
situations okay but oh well how were you doing
I was saying the subject of me going to
I didn't believe it, so to speak.
It's not really that I was [ __ ] myself or anything.
worried or anything like that Because
first of all I probably
would have put on a stubborn face
already at that time
[Music]
at that time
I didn't earn much money but
Even if it had been a stick
surely at the end
It wouldn't have been Maybe some ruins or
something like that would not have been a
good stick would have been a good stick and
The best thing would have been that I could not have hired a
good lawyer I don't know no but the case is not
whether you can or cannot other ruins or not
you go bankrupt The fact is that
when you realize that the one who
you are wrong it is you it is to be very
donkey
and very stupid
making a run for it is worth it to me
for example other people who have me
defendant Like Joan Planas for example
If I saw that I, if I had to
I'm wrong, imagine that the
history of Gran Plana would not have been for me
called abuser that I hope I
burst the disease and that kind of
things No
I might have tried a
agreement would have tried
retract and try again to solve
things
but there is no way to get hold of it
Joan Plana's case is that I don't care
as if he wants to put one on me every weekend
week So clear
but in the case of Dallas
without me believing that the demand was one
complaint what he wanted to put there was
reasons, that is, I had crossed the line
tremendous, I don't know if they would have done that
It has been a very big sentence, no, that never
It will be known why it never arrived or not.
better as I see things are
no And the experiences that have happened to me
Maybe they wouldn't have done it for me.
would have been admitted for processing. Imagine
that I had been a person
as closed as a certain type of
people we are seeing on the networks
no and certain types of groups that go in
against giving them don't imagine that such and
how justice goes Imagine that I
I told her when I gave it to her, stop [ __ ] this
dirty girl
I even told him some things that make me
Shame to say it no but things
tremendous putting the sister in the middle
Note that the sister is a person who
Today I know her in person.
I have affection. I don't allow them to interfere.
with her it's worth it, I have appreciation for her
Dallas's mother
When he comes to Seville he gives me a ring
and see you
You know
Well imagine that with all those
nonsense I said
abuser pedophile anything else that does not
they would have admitted the complaint for processing
imagine not
Imagine that I don't eat or eat or eat
they have admitted the complaints filed
that I would still be celebrating today
those barbarities that I said Well it is
what many do not but I do not
However, I opened my eyes and realized
that
that no
that no, that what he had done was not
I was fine that it had happened to me and
no
so
I made my videos, I made my reviews and
go directly rectifying that
moment and there is a lot of scum a lot of
Coria says it's not that it's because of the
complaint is not that you defend him for the
because the complaint is a complaint and you
you can say Dalas
bluff and then I said, well yes it is
You really put it there. Well, come on.
I accept the conciliation and then
It was simply the expenses that he had
cost to put it on
Also my audience helped me because
As I said before, I didn't drive
I the economy that maybe I can
Managing my audience now helped me
we raised in a couple of you know then
apart from that we did another live show, I don't know what
This is that the money was paid
3,000 more
3000 plus attorney I think it was close
Of 4,000 I think there were like
3.708 sorry I don't remember that's why it's not
The important thing The important thing is that I
that video, that video of the apologies
I would have made the rectification without
no problem at all. Likewise but
I would have done it without any kind of
problem equally
without any complaint in between, let's see
Yes, I, yes, I, yes, I have tarnished the name
of someone And I have slandered him How not
how am I going to How am I not going to make a video
Yes, hey, let's see if suddenly you
you think one thing
and you have been saying it for a lot of videos
tremendous things about a person and you realize
tell that it is a lie How can you not be
a video
Back then we solved everything by
direct but it seems to me even
so basic and so fundamental and so
simple what I'm saying let's see
that there does not have to be a complaint or
a conciliation if I think the video
I did it before the conciliation and then
the conciliation was we raised the money
plus point
and each one on his own normally
When you have a person, he puts one on you
complaint exists that there is a certain animosity in plan
Yes, it's okay, each one on their own, let's go.
fix the problem but I'm not going to
be your friend that you have reported me you know
but
unintentionally and apart from the fact I
agreement that I said
that I said no, he didn't listen to me at all
fixed that I am I got out of that
band And what about but I don't I don't
that I'm not going to be friends with this guy
that I do have to criticize myself and you
I have to tell you to take off your clothes now
cap that they're going to have to take away from you
like with a spatula I told him that you
You already took off your cap, son. Take it off.
cap and we're going to have to give it to you
remove with a hammer and a sincere and
Besides, I used to say those things, I'm going back.
to continue saying but there was a topic
took the other a topic took the other that
We had the typical conversations
that the typical one like the one I have with
any other youtuber with Kalimán Oye
Hey, what do you think of this video? Hey, what do you think of this video?
What do you think about this topic? Hey, how are you?
What also happened to me happened: the
This guy on Twitter, friends of Antonia
wanting to upset me
Dalas woman there publicly supported me
as both live and private messages
called in fact I think it was the first
time we spoke on the phone and at the end
little by little
a friendship arises, that is to say that it is really
a friendship arose, there is no such thing as
fear of denunciation nor fear of lawsuit nor
conditioning or anything did not arise
because it is
a person who thinks like me in many ways
things
He is an intelligent person and has two of them.
front is consistent that he has gone
pot with some things for some things
okay but it is a person who is the one who
you can talk it was organic it was
organic literal Paulo I just did it
describe was organic
I mean, literally, you have to get one
good person for having reported you
and then a friendship arises
Male, something is missing, it has been asked for
and really nothing has happened, that is
there have been differences of opinion
disagreements and things like that but
nothing has happened, that is, we have not
fought we have not fought nor am I in
against him or anything like that or
be like me on the contrary I wish you that
I hope he gets back everything he deserved.
the place where I had to be and Yes
I criticize something sometimes because
excessively or assertively in fact Yes
I criticize something sometimes because I believe
that
I should do better. Hey, but what about that?
better my opinion than I don't have the
absolute truth understands me
literally time has passed yes
we haven't spoken for a long time
a lot, a lot, or rather, but literally
may have been 8-8 months 8-9 months
we talked but what I already told you is that it is
I can't say bad things, I can't say bad things
nothing bad, that is, not on the contrary
I can only tell you good things about
he
Personally, then the controversies of
YouTube in the gossip. Well, there will be things.
in which he agrees more but it is
I can't say anything bad
sincerely
you can't go wrong
distancing the time each one to his
each of their projects each of their
things disagreement in some opinions of
public issues but
I can't say anything bad, okay?
on the contrary, that is to say, all all my all my
Good wishes for him who I can't
say something different, that is, yes
I had to invite him to an interview or
I had to invite him to a collaboration or
to play some series that we make or
Anything I would do, or it would be for me
there is nothing
We are not united as we used to be but
no, there is no problem, that is to say, there is no
none, there is no problem
absolutely the opposite because
He is not a friend of Dallas nor does he try to throw
I don't have the slightest hate at all
Covadongada Thanks for being here so far
heart a kiss
I tell you very much that I have bad feelings against Javi.
seriously that's the best even though
It all started in a horrible way In which
Well, you already know the one who threatened in his day
He said many very ugly things in his day.
It is true that after that we had a
very good friendship literally spoke
with him every day I consider him
I say it very seriously my best friend
for a long time and the
reasons why we stopped being one
They are not even public despite this
I truly wish you the best.
great at absolutely everything and always
I will be very grateful to you for what
He did the truth in his day what he did in
your day for me in my favor I mean
I mention this
let's see
I understand that he has the feeling of
let's see if it's part of the anime, that is, the
la la la what happened cannot be denied
as part of the anime I suddenly
I went from being
a channel that is hooking up to the
fame of a youtuber and another youtuber and
from another commenting on the controversy to move on to
be a character from one of the animes
strongest Hispanic YouTubers no
because yes, I am literally a character
secondary no
and very important because maybe I
I'm going to add a bit but I think that
I think that the
of 2018
from 2017 that people have as a bag of
boxing to dala
to the good image of Dallas in 2020
when everyone already supported him
considered a guy to be reckoned with
expresses his opinion with good judgment
intelligence in the form of knowledge with good
way of thinking good way of
Defending yourself is a good way to humiliate others.
haters no I think that and that people
I stopped thinking that I was an abuser
pedophile I don't know that all those things that
They told him, I mean, I think I'm not
making no effort to admit that I
I am part of that happening and
I think it's an important part
Of course, with this I don't want to take away from it.
importance to persistence and The
endurance that he has had in the way of
defend yourself, which of course is what it is
First of all, the first thing is that he doesn't
has yielded that it has been strongly and
that he has faced everything and everyone
hater and to all the problems that's it
main okay but I think I am I think
that I have been an important part as the
He himself is recognizing it.
Thank you very much, a huge kiss I think
which I think is obviously not possible
deny that if an important part By
What? Well, because I'm not the blonde one, nor am I
an ibanina but I handle a certain part of
the audience I have a lot of credibility in
the sector Or at least I think it is worth it and
many people many thousands of people
They lived with me the change, that is to say it was not
as if suddenly Dalas more
reported as many people say no
Ah Dalas has reported me and then
Well now instead of criticizing him we are going to
defend him no I mean I would never do that there was
people who made up with Dallas even
judicially and they reached agreements
to avoid going to trial but then that
another person
He has continued to dislike Dalas and
getting along badly with Dalas and saying
negative things about him, that is, no
literally mine has been from the heart
So I am absolutely right.
in all That doesn't mean that I have
my opinion and that's it, period, but what
Everything I've done has been from the heart
valid at all times valid in everything
moment And I think that many people
change your mind about the image
that they have from Dallas next to me
based on the fact that he has experienced things with me or
be it because when you are here with me in
direct you want that we have formed
a family and several things that have
we have lived through them in the past, that is, myself
I have made you part of my family in
many times when what happened to me happened
that guy I just told you about
I opened it live and exploded here live
literally here at this very table
where we are right now that already makes
three years is worth more than three years
three and a half years ago you
You lived with me what they did to me and what
what happened to me and the things that have happened to me
gone through having left that group and
the attacks they tried to do to me
try not to support this man or
I can explain a thousand things but
people who come from New Although the
Let's put it in context. They will never
understand them as the people who
they lived with me
you understand me
loses more Dallas No one loses here
because I want to make it very clear, that is
I am in this type of issues
I support him so that we have more
Less relationship is not going to affect that.
nothing that I do not agree with him on
a controversy that I have with El Rubius
day does not mean that I withdraw my support
in nothing that I give him support in, that is
I'll leave that here but clarinet but
even if I fought with him, or rather even if I
I would fight him in what is history
This is my support I will never withdraw it or
it would be making a [ __ ] fake me
you understand I mean no ...
there is nothing that will change my mind
this
It would be absurd if you understand me or no one
loses nothing here simply each one
It's your thing, it's there, but there's a
respect obviously but people
the people who lived it with me, that is,
people lived with me what was happening in the
forum as from the forum it seemed that
information arrived at a forum where
HE
leaked things we lived as if suddenly
certain indirect friendships were
sent to write tweets and then
to disseminate this information
[Music]
the girls of the girls of the trial this
that Dallas had, they get in touch
with me and suddenly they start telling me
that I don't know what, that I don't know how much
You lived through all of that with me then
voluntarily or not worth it because neither
I tell you that I had that mission in the
life
I did not have that mission in life but
that I too have unwittingly
being part of you we have lived
as things and I have been doing
videos in which Covadonga many
Thank you, a kiss, a kiss, but you can
having written something you have lived
with me
how we have been able to realize that
There were certain things here that were
different from what everyone else
thought
Alba Thank you very much
You understand me then in that sense
brutal brutal That is to say it seems to me
It seems brutal to me. I experienced that brutally.
But I'm telling you, so it's nothing.
to be thankful is not good either if he has
That feeling, yes, but it is not either
as if I did it on one hand
It seems fair that if you come to see me what
I don't think it's fair, it's people who
suddenly Its content is based in Dallas
but when it is something that benefits the
Dallas story, I shut up there, no
I mean, I think that when I have had
to say something positive
I say it about Joan Planas or Miare
What was it that Miare was accused of?
Well after the game or see Miare
There were some gossip youtubers who
They started to be miniatures making
disgusting montages with her
putting on his face he knows
and I defended her there, you know, and then
I also remember that she was accused of being
of having promoted I don't think it was
and I defended her
you know just the position that I
I have now
Well, I think it's a channel of
sauce and I think that right now the position
that I have right now is the most suitable
because I am not conditioned by one
friendship
but with Dalas I mean I am not
conditioned by friendship
but
without being lacking nor am I a hater who is missing the
respect in a toxic way Hey, so in this
I agree. Hey, well, not in this. Hey.
Well, I think I would have done this.
otherwise Hey, well I think that here
it has happened
With all due respect, saying
the most assertive thing in the world I think now
My position is the most sensible among
the gossip channels without discrediting
to my colleagues of course eh But
There are some who have it more than they have it
There are others that are more difficult to understand
They are directly haters
and I think my position right now is
because I talk about all the controversies
Of all of them, Dallas didn't leave me a single topic.
and when I don't agree or something
It seems bad, I say it without offending them.
disrespect without being [ __ ] disgusting
as others do not
And if I am in favor of it, I defend it.
a way that I'm not doing it for
my condition to see if it is that
I literally think that
it is even beneficial for him
that there is a person with two fingers
front that is fair and that sometimes
be critical
I just saved two euros by quitting
the underpants
Well, wash your clothes less and they make you
member
wash clothes less and they make you a member
literally
It is even beneficial for him to let's go
see when controversies happen between
youtuber worth it
Imagine him fighting with El Rubius and he
He says that this video of Rubius I don't know what
and I go out and say No, he is wrong here
Dalas This is not like this This is like this a bread
If people know that I am a person
with judgment
Let's see you imagine Doki that there is
Many people say that you told him
to Doki pets in 2018 man to see for
favor
Let's see please Doki had a banner in
his Twitter account a photo of Dallas
as if he were her boyfriend
Doki uploaded videos saying that
that the Dallas that the book of the Dallas
It was better than the Harry Potter ones
and I haven't even read Harry Potter and I've
read the books right But man
that people compare me with Doki like
You are sick and that's it
You are sick, that's enough
and besides, he defended himself like the ass that I
I agree that the series of videos that I
I met Doki who later got along well with me.
with him and I have as I am not fighting
I didn't live through the whole anime with you guys.
but I watched all the videos I found
as if it were the Dragon Ball saga
Haha I consider myself a Dallas panvi because
many reasons and I will always support him
Whether he is wrong or not, we are all
people It would be good
but I will be the first to be wrong in
a thousand things but apart Although I of my
opinion For or against him no
It means that I am right or that I am
I, I might think one thing and he
think another I mean it's not bad at all okay
But let's see if you come from outside
from the YouTube gossip, okay, you don't me
you know me okay
And you meet with
There is a Dallas controversy
Imagine what I want to explain to you, okay?
if there is one Imagine that there is one
Dallas controversy wait now me
He also likes the themes of the youth
and I am your honor, Covadonga, I am glad
It is a joy to unite generations
Many of you see me with your family at home.
You see me a lot, grandmother, granddaughters and daughters and
daughters I'm still a bit of a donkey to what
I was going to explain to you, okay, it's better this way.
well, let's see, but it is that it is
beneficial even for him, let's see
for him and for any youtuber it is worth it
you imagine a person
without mentioning any channel is worth it But you
Imagine a person like Doki one
person who justifies everything that a
channel that justifies everything it does
Dallas criticizes everything
of some channels but when if Dalas
does the same thing, turns it around so as not to
criticize him and agree with him, a Doki
I javío channels like that gossip no
Imagine a channel that does everything
Dallas defends him, justifies him, the I's
There are things I cannot agree with
Me when the Rubius video came out
then the whole video came out I'm not there
I can I do not I do not agree with
The way of addressing Arica has had
in those videos that you can tell me later
Oh, but you did it with I don't know who in
the year is worth what you want but I
I can't agree right now
with some of the insults things
of the montages that were put on that
video is worth it
I can't. Okay then.
If you, you, now suddenly I say there Ah
Well, I do not agree with him here.
Dalas This seems obviously wrong to me.
I can't defend this, I don't know what
but now suddenly a topic comes up
serious is important
Who are you going to believe? Who is going to love you?
more people to the one who has criteria or to the
who behaves like doki
If you come from outside and you see that my
channel is pansito
and I'm talking about a serious topic like
It could be the Mieres interview.
this week
Who are they going to take into account more?
who will people love the most
to a channel that they are always visiting
or a person who when he is not in
agreement says it too
I think that obviously
what one says will have more weight
person who has judgment
and you know he's not defending him
neither out of friendship nor because I was
conditioned you don't even know what I'm telling you
In my opinion it's worth it. But anyway.
That's what I tell you about a clear objective
well exactly
Ramón Today is the day
Frank Cuesta has also said that
Dallas finds him and breaks him in two
but he has defended him in many things
He has even said that he seems like a guy
admirable because it tries to innovate. It must be done
be consistent but Frank had a hard time
other fights with him and other moves
Also that I wish they would talk sometime
day but I think they will never talk
But when Frank says that about breaking it
then literally obviously I hope
that it is understood is worth it
I think it is very important because still
to this day even though we see
a long time without even speaking
only once they still keep telling him
that is my dog ​​only because sometimes
out of context Because yes because people
today when is this Twitter I
Look at this tweet I posted it, I think it was the
Sunday Saturday like this not when it's already passed
all week after what happened
interview of the bride see this tweet
eh this opinion that I also gave in
straight
literally This seemed to me like a
audacity worthy of comment
Okay, maybe Dalas almost always
define only if well no I'm not
saying places like that need that
I defended him but damn, let's see.
whether you like it or not, it helps a little bit not to listen
different opinions and different points
that I contribute no
They still say you're a dog. Yeah, I mean.
literally
but then when you see yourself
kind of people who say it
then when you see the type of people
that is, it could affect me if I get it
people with criteria would say
you know But then you see the kind of
people who say it and also don't know how
To take this into account, yesterday we went up to
one here not before yesterday
you know but well the logic is the
next voucher
to me even though I am critical of
him when I don't agree please
Thank you very much, I don't agree with you on everything.
when there are things that don't seem right to me
I tell them the only thing I don't do is
insult him like other channels do
And being disgustingly toxic is fine but it is
that I don't know it with him nor am I with him
Nobody I am not nor with Amber I am not
With Miare I am not like that with anyone
I am not with him or with anyone I say it
What do I think about trying to have the greatest
Respect of the world with all people
Okay, you want to get mad at me or
Someone wants to get mad at me because
You don't like my opinion. Well, maybe.
pass but no one can ever tell me
that he lacks respect or I have
said something not in his day yes Now no more
Now I don't and people if I don't get involved
with Dalas but they are people who do not
They have weight, it doesn't make sense, now let's go
to see some thunder but they are people who
They have no meaning, they have no value.
opinion because literally the opinion
does not have the opinion is not based on
you know nothing but
The logic is not that since you don't attack him
When you have to attack him, you are his pet
and you are his dog and the reasons why
that you are his dog and for those who are
the reasons why you don't attack him or
What you are agreeing with is not
because you have it or because you think that it
have no reasons is that you are his
dog and that has you tied up in addition
They say with a disgusting tone, they say it with
such a disgusting form has you good
They have you tied up, they have you short, tied up in short You
has the strap and they are comments that
They have been born and have been repeating it
from certain forum groups gossiping boom
pum pum are comments that have gone
planting no toxicity makes no sense
zero
but in total, but in total it is worth it
He doesn't incite you like that, but he has you with poison.
tied short they are afraid of him let's go
see fear I have no reason to be afraid
fear no one
What fear of what
no to me reporting you
and he can't report me because I don't
I'm giving you the reason, I can't do it
denounce because no one criticizes it
nor can anyone report me because I do it
criticism
Don't be afraid that I'll make a video for you.
It's going to be if he makes a video for me, why not?
was good to me in something or does it make me
a video because I agree with something
or we have a debate, imagine it doesn't happen
nothing there is no fear of that
but I'm not going to mess with one
person who doesn't mess with me
Now we are public gossip, they are controversial
Obviously my channel position is
very complicated sometimes when you
you get along with people when you get along with
people often complicated the
situation of a gossip channel because
says all is that I don't agree and
It gives me a hard time It gives me a hard time but it doesn't happen
nothing or rather fear fear what no one me
Nobody is going to hit me, nobody is going to report me
He's going to kidnap me. No one can.
make me nothing to be afraid of If
Someone messes with me because I
I will defend you, you know, but I am not afraid of you.
so short with the complaint With what
report if what we did was
a conciliation three years ago and it is already
It's over, there's nothing I can do
report
that he is going to report me for not being in agreement
I agree with him for criticizing him, that is
literally no no matter how hard I try
explain myself as a little child I have
almost 40 sticks, so I'm not going to enter
in provocations of eh you don't criticize him
because they are afraid of him I think that as
They are people who have the mentality like
I think that guy who came up yesterday
using this type of insults and
provocations are like they try
provoke a person who has to
weakness and are not like the channels
pitiful that he throws [ __ ] at the one who
They want me to throw [ __ ] at them, you see.
I try to find logical solutions and they are
theories but literally to me now that
call me pets
and they tell me that I'm afraid or that
I'm afraid of complaints
and now suddenly I see that the week
past is not that I see that the week
pass
It was already the second time I saw him, okay?
It happened when the Argos issue
upload a super relevant video
a month or a month and a half ago saying that
They have reopened the Argos case. That is to say,
I think that topic is spectacular.
and it seems like a scandal to me but at the level
that all the news programs open to
diary
I say it that clearly. I mean, it seems to me like a
topic that is a scandal
literal I mean, the topic seems to me to be a
barbarity
That's where it caught my attention, so let's go.
Let's see, we are talking about a topic
who went to the press to gloat about
that was archived has been reopened and
the subject is a scandal. Well there is
None of the channels that are based on
Dallas brought up the topic only me without half
tubero I think candres peredo too
But those who make videos of everything
Dallas because they only have visitors when
In Dallas they didn't talk about the subject.
That is, let's see if your content is
based on gossip and one of your songs
Dallas is strong
because you don't talk about the topic here
It's super shameless. But well, there it is.
I let it go, I say, well, I don't know about this topic.
what but none of the worst channels and
Now this week is coming, the end is coming
of the week and a new announcement begins
trailer that Dallas's ex is going to
Antena 3 is the first or second
most important television in the country for
what you are seeing this from outside
Okay, and not only that, but things
They say the interview is an interview
40-something minutes
viral on Twitter trending topic during
three days
appearing in newspapers and in all the
media
and the same channels
They don't talk about the subject
that is, 18 videos because I have put one
video a link in the gore
but there were channels that were
talking about Dallas stuff during that
week
in plan
of
I don't know the details of these debts.
I don't know if they had hacked this week
late or that they had thrown away late with
an attack no no I can't tell you why
I swear I don't know because it's a
completely absurd topics
completely absurd topics I swear
This looking over and they were like
shitty topics that if I put a tuya on it
Shakira I don't remember shitty songs
and it's like And he doesn't talk about this
then of course that's when I
no longer addressing channels like
such that so that good They could be given for
alluded to if you want But come on I'm heading
now more to the audience of those channels
that they call me dog and pet or that they
I skip a topic because it doesn't interest me
because Dalas screwed up or what do I have?
fear because he reports me because
Sorry then you are now I am
pet all of you who have told me
pets I am a pet or how is it?
No, because I understand perfectly well that it is not.
you want to talk because the topic would be
defend the indefensible
It would be defending the indefensible
to find themselves on that topic is
defend the indefensible some of those
channels continue with the protagonists
Well not directly with the
protagonist but with the family that
it acts as relationships because the
protagonist does not want to stain the
hands following with these channels
a family member is responsible for keeping up with
These channels to have them there
or they are afraid of lawsuits not like
They know that he is a person who demands
So, of course, I'll wait for you here.
I waited a week for a week
Let's see if maybe they are
taking a long time because they were investigating
Not much but I waited a week and
There were channels that continued talking about the
gore there were channels that talked about that
Dalas had thrown a star at him, I don't know.
who
but about the topic that is trending
both the name of him and her as well as of
the chain as you left the interview
trending three days and going out in
all the Spanish media on the subject nor
mu
Yes, it is true and I will recognize you.
one thing I have had in many
occasions that I have literally made him
ghosting topics in my area of ​​Wisdom
because there have been times when it has
been shameless as if they were looking for
That they were talked about or at least
I had that feeling and I said
Well, I'm not going to talk about this topic now.
I wouldn't know how to put you on the table now.
same which one but for example I know that from the
interview the resistance spoke to us
that there were several issues in which
I noticed hints of miares to Dallas in
Twitter I know there were some topics in which
that I did ghosting but because it was noticeable
a lot that they were doing
purpose for the topic to be discussed
No, but of course when there is already a topic of
who have gone on television
to talk about abuse again and
talk about I don't know what
point number one
I respect everyone who chooses the topics
of those who want to talk
And if perhaps a topic bothers you
because you are still with that person or
because you're afraid of being sued
because these people usually demand
send and has no money but then
we are going to have the same measuring stick and
Let's respect me too. No
That is, literally, the guy dies by his mouth.
the fish and I'm not saying this for any youtuber
specifically
I'm not saying this for any youtuber in
concrete in fact yours is more
referring to the disgusting audience and
You're going to see the comments, okay?
made him you had referring more to the
Disgusting audience they have and
that they demand and that they want
please that the youtubers as such
ok look
they appeared uncle look
at 4:30 pm and I posted the tweet
at 2 in the afternoon, that is, in just two
I had them all here for hours
followers of other channels each one
speak or give your opinion on whatever you want if Javi
justified and whitewashed as if
we were laundering money or like
if I were whitewashing a murder
whitewashing the gore
whitewash it is that you have to be an idiot
to put this With all due respect
bleach
in this [ __ ] is that nothing more than the
form of
in this [ __ ] and didn't say a word about it
scam is the page that the page is a
scam I should have made a video
that the page is a scam. Well, the
Others can also do the same
Of course, of course. Others can do the same.
same thing is that you guys
You call me a pet and a dog if I don't
I say give them a scammer but without
However, if another person remains silent
Regarding Miare's interview with
They don't call them dogs because you
They please by throwing [ __ ] at the one who
you guys think that's [ __ ] lucky
It seemed somewhat childish to him. That was the
response he gave about it and not the
scam will not say anything knows that it can not
He knows he can't and I tell him here because
what couldn't According to your logic I mean yes
literally to me they seemed like a
scam Why couldn't I
Let's say I had the logic of
them and it seems to me like a scam that a
person
put an index that does not comply with the
reality
a scam would be
that you sell a product promising
that the product is one thing and is another
but the index of the video
does not comply with the content of the video that
Of course I see it badly
I don't think anyone would see that well, not because
Of course I see it badly, okay, but it's not a
scam because no one is a hypocrite
Typical of allies No, it's not that always
The same thing happens. It's not a cheap thing in the
moment for people to
find with that index in the video of
Estardeo must have paid, that is, no
There is no one who has paid because there is
given that index
whoever saw that index is supposed to
that has had to pay because the index
it's in the video
so it's not a plate it could be a
Byte can be many things but not one
cheap
But today maybe I'm wrong, I'm not
I have the absolute truth nor do I interfere with
the opinion of others
But according to logic I can't speak
because I can't and he says why then
Dalas would throw himself at you because
does not criticize his scam in being deo if
Until when do I talk about the Ari issue anymore?
well he made them responsible and only
he made him pass his hand to d
Ah, but I'm not with Ari's issue.
I held them responsible
and what happens to the mother is that
literally invents a reality
Now the channels have to talk about
literally whatever you fancy
Surely if we do a search in
This Twitter profile is sure to be in
sometime you are following me
to talk about some topic
I'm sure that at some point you're here
criticizing me if I haven't messed with you
Dalas for the drawing that has been traced or
some of that literal
Yes Javi, yes, always the little issue of
the toxic couple would cease to be
relevant and would stop them from doing the
circus around
because maybe you are the only one who
He still cares about me literally
the topic was trending
literally the topic was trending
literally cared about everything, everything
Spanish speaking
Here they mention a youtuber but really
no, I didn't mean less to youtuber
big yes it is true that no that the
Big youtubers have not spoken either
Only Andrés lost it anyway
It is true that they did not talk about the subject
almost none
We hope to tell me that the issue is not
burned Oh okay
keep sucking eggs hahaha
Javi, how bad it has turned out for you to be the pet
from Dallas both he and you every day
They have fewer visits and more hates
I personally was the last month
month I earned the most in my [ __ ] life
this last one not this Julio no but the
Previously I think we had like 15 or 16
millions of visits to the three channels
The thing is, they don't know how it works.
YouTube believes that it is the visit that
have the first day the video by and by
video
They don't understand that videos don't die
the ones I'm doing and the ones that follow
adding visits every day that no no
They understand that they believe that having triumph
on YouTube
They believe that having success on YouTube
is
They believe that having
They believe that being successful as a YouTuber
is that you are the first to upload the
the youtuber's current topic that has
messing with the other one
They are like I think children are, that is.
This is literally or they are children.
people
with certain limitations
I understand all those channels from IQ
that you speak are growing more and more
power not literally not
literally some do not even reach
2,000 views are not literally not there
growing And you two sinking no
literally no I mean being 15 16
I have spent millions of visits
[Music]
with 60% of the audience from Spain
I think you are not aware of what it is
But no, I'm not just talking about lordship, it's just that
Javier canijo simply has it
many millions of visits and
sweeper and the main channel
feeds
I have a very loyal audience
that I could win a lot
such a poisonous public of [ __ ] yes
insult Dalas and call a pedophile bad
Well, maybe surely but what
I'm not going to do it, I prefer and for this
path and paving the way for the
credibility and common sense and other
kind of things but I'm teaching you
more or less what they are like No, I can't yet
believe that you have defended him on the subject
gore
Well, don't believe it because I haven't.
defended on the subject now and you have
remained silent on the subject of the scam
Hahaha The jate I spoke about above for
These reasons are more than justified
in your case
I don't see you commenting on many of the mistakes
of the big nose XD of the big nose on top
as in feminine as trying to be
offensive for referring to someone in
feminine you know Ah but when you
The victim asks you a question XD Hey now
We all know you're like the trophy of
the big nose But at least she hides that
you make yourself look ridiculous XD fix the la
big nose dala I mean but look eh In
the tone is given by the buttocks Who is the
big nose gives her the buttocks
gives her the buttocks
Uncle is a very public
very disgusting
What an [ __ ] you are. Seriously, it works for you.
bad don't accuse YouTube again or
any Black Hand literally yes
literally I think the channel
main nor quoted that crossed out banned
I literally don't care, I mean, I don't care
equally obviously because if there is
someone there who is touching something or it
whatever but I literally continue
working but
What an [ __ ] you are. Seriously. Take your
Dallas's dick already from the mouth friend of
You really look really bad
Javi Take Dalas's [ __ ] out of your mouth
that you'll be better off not
there is such a thing as a good pet
defending your owners with your urine
and company is a relationship
unhealthy since they spend more time on their
lives than yours without counting the
disgusting that you are for things that you have done
made by the way as you never spoke of
the scam from silencing mediocre mummy to
see this person says that I
I have an obsession with Wismichu
Ramón Today is the day
As Dallas says, they are scum
I literally consider that you two
They are among the few who speak with total
sincerity and the rabble gets annoyed and
If they don't have arguments, they get more angry
a kiss about I'm not going to keep going down
Because surely with the Disgusting that
are these accounts there will be a dick or something
along those lines, okay. But how disgusting, right?
You know that even if I still think I
You come with an argument and tell me that.
Javi is what you said
Javi, you said that the gore thing
it is not a crime
Okay, and I consider that it is a crime.
Because look at the penal code it says this no
I know what And maybe you're even right and
If it is a crime to upload gore, it is not because
I already checked it, okay, but imagine a
Javi argument But I think it is
criminal because I don't know what it was but no
no no it's just that these are literally the
arguments then are things not to be had
not in mind but it is true that
I couldn't let the detail escape me and
It's like no one is demanding this from these
channels no one of these people who demands me
Nobody talks to me about the Dallas scam.
is demanding that these channels
talk about the topic of the week
and literally some of the channels
taking video of me playing Fall
Guys the other day I said that the gore thing
She looked like a tied up girl, so she was already
to say that saying that the gore thing is a
tied girl
It is to criticize him. I mean, I'm not.
defending is not a criticism is not
positive but clear you are not
insulting him and you are not calling him
Dallas buttocks
and that you take a shower and wash your hair
No, I don't know that kind of thing. I imagine.
that will be what the reason is, that is, in
other times he doesn't give it to me and I'm not
I don't agree with him at all, but I want to
that you see how incredibly Mason is
that in others telling him that he is my
dog just because sometimes it gives me the
reason or that is to say that on other occasions I do not
and I do not agree at all with it
but you don't agree with me
when I don't give it to you otherwise you wouldn't do it
It's logic, it's not debate, it's not the
diversity of opinions is that the
comments are passed and even more so when
Dalas are trending well wishing you
death in short a thousand things but I want
that you see how incredibly
manipulators and disgusting that they all are
These garbage channels of envious people
ridiculous and all this group of
sick people who are obsessed with me
If they criticize me for anything, everything
the reason
the [ __ ] master who puts Dalas in his
place
and then they applaud people
They applaud people who criticize Dallas
that if Dalas challenges them to debate, no
debate
[Laughs]
Well in fact if Dalas to debate no
They debate and continue applauding him until
done very well where to beat because
Give them a manipulator and they hypnotize you.
Anyone can defend me with one thing
you are automatically the Dalas dog
you are garbage, bread, bread with a double-edged blade
you don't know what you're saying and then you're
These people really have such a thick skin.
dare to say that I believe that
I am absolutely right again every single one of them
the things they accuse me of are the same as
In his day the haplo was dedicated to
accuse me of being a fart and he
It ended up being exactly what was real
all the things that say goodbye to me and
all these people are what they
literally they are all those who are
They dedicate themselves to saying that he was right
rabble who think they always have
the reason all those who say sick and
Just looking for fame, literally just being there
looking for fame and here Javi says 18
channels that release 15 videos when it's time
scan them or when tracing a drawing that
by the way I wasn't even there
exactly this is quite funny
because in fact that is not the point
mine or rather it is that although Well I already know that
she is not sitting but it is that although
is exactly the same as dude, I mean like, he's the one
same level or so it can For example
If you draw a picture, let's imagine that the
traced value
Even the tweet that says No is not
I have not invented any character myself
Okay, it's a little thing that can help you.
keep
It's a little thing that can save you
It's the same level that I take
and stole a tweet
No, but it's not the same level.
because he is an artist who has made
cosplay is that maybe a stolen click
is that maybe he steals a meme that has
cost someone to draw it
and the author is lost and it is wrong yes Good
but well it's the same level
Javi Oliveira completely does the
ridiculous with this meme has copied it and
look you haven't put that he copied it
same guy it's the same level as you
save it for another review for a video
Where you add it is fine but what they took out is not
I know how many videos of that that is good
that everyone makes a video if you see it
relevant to get a video like that But
What I'm pointing out here is that you see
relevant that
and that he doesn't see it as relevant that his ex is going to
the press to call him an abuser and that
he hit him
to say look look clearly how
some lines did not match the face
because it was not literally traced
but well, they have seen it as newsworthy that
this week that her ex has gone to the
television to cross it I don't know if the reason
is having to defend it with fear of
demands or retaliation from the party
contrary, for me my answer is very
simple can be the two options there are
people who don't do it for fear of
retaliation because he knows that if you know that
If you are in the wrong group, you have seen what
better things that happen and there are people
who is afraid of lawsuits and there are people
which is for not defending him because it would be
defend him for God's sake because they don't want to
defend absolutely nothing The only thing that
do is try to highlight any
nonsense any little thing for
try to paint me as the worst And you know
perfectly that it does not suit them
defend myself in absolutely nothing From
fact no if you remember that the year
past when wismichu tried to return to
repeat 2017 again and couldn't
Because things are simply more
that I made them look untidy and put them with all the
lies that he told one after another and
the guy fell into the most absolute
misery many of these garbage channels
What they tried at the time was to try
again to take sides
of the criminal wismacho many it
you saw in his diary but like that
They saw that people were giving
tell the truth because they said Well
Well, I don't say anything but I never
They defended me, I defended myself and everything
This Scum tried again to return to
trying to give credibility to a guy
who lies and cries more than he talks
then they know very well that what
What happens to them is that they can't stand out or
just one good thing about me because if they do
Then they lose the entire audience.
that they have won because the subscribers
that have this garbage of channels are in
essence only the audience to which
I have managed to piss off things that
I have said publicly so in this
video what I'm going to do is respond to
all things in general of the
brilliant accusations that commanded
saying of these last times because
I asked you to put the things that
the more you listened to this rabble that was
By repeating, you want us to keep watching
These are the answers that
I wanted to react, it was my part
But well basically I want to leave it
very clear okay clarinet
no no So there would be nothing wrong with that
tell you about him in terms of our relationship
I imagine that he will have Maybe his
reasons I will disagree with
some things and so on but there is no
absolutely no fighting no evil
roll just the opposite
my best wishes for him I will try
worry about what she said
truth try to find out privately
see what's going on And if I can
help can I help with something or for what
less worrying about what and what there is not
nothing, that is to say, literally I think they are
disagreements in opinions and
On the contrary, I will continue supporting him.
always in this type of issues it is worth it
[Music]
nothing more nothing more I mean nothing more
It's the most salsa before, what it is now, grandpa
Ah, well, let's get to it.
then really
literally nothing all good all good or
It is what I tell you as if I had
to invite him to some collaboration sometime
day or whatever or whatever it is like
For my part, no problem and he
has also made it clear and
That's it and each of its rolls or whatever
As a gossip channel I think that
Of course I value the friendship I had
with him and I have a lot of respect for him. In that
sense But as a gossip channel
from this position then Hey
It is more objective, we cannot say no.
So I'm going to try to put it and
deny as quickly as possible with the
simplest arguments you can But
Before starting, I tell you very seriously
really look at all this garbage
rabble who only do what they do
ionized videos in his house and looking for
excuses for not accepting
Who the hell edits the videos, dude? I have it.
to ask rig and to make this type
of things a discussion because they know that
In an argument, all the rules fall apart
nonsense that they say they use literally
edited [ __ ] taken out of context by
complete or gives them a thousand turns arguments
that I never said to try
respond to a statement and I have never
said in my life Exactly the same thing
what Luis Sardo said and unless you are
one of these sick people who yes some of
These channels of really crazy people
the head I think is more than obvious
we can all say with good reason
of the world that someone who is not capable of
accept a face-to-face discussion to
that they respond with their arguments
have both versions of the story and
see who is right Simply
It's because he's a liar because he's a
mythomaniac and all these people are
True mythomaniacs are used to it
to lie to people to distort things
things as they please and never
accept a discussion because they know that
the discussion falls completely flat on their faces
all because they are not right about anything
what they say So next time you
You see this garbage on YouTube doing
garbage and doing a lot of [ __ ]
First of all, don't forget to report the
video because many of the things that
they do are truly reportable
you will find the rules of the
YouTube community videos
critic uncle I think they are full of
insults the other day some people sent me
clips and I have them save the folder
But there are videos that say insults that
that really goes against the rules eh or
be the subject of
YouTube does not get involved in slanderous topics
videos accusations of crimes and others
YouTube doesn't get involved in insults.
derogatory and other things do get involved
YouTube you see second Don't forget the
three points and I'm not interested
I will never recommend content to you.
from that six to three points and no
recommend this channel to me And finally yes
They respond with nonsense arguments
This means that anyone who does not
accepts a discussion directly with
Dallas who loves to dedicate himself to
criticize it is because it is simply a
mythomaniac returning to this I'm going to
respond to all arguments
possible those are the arguments that you
You told me on Twitter, point one is
of afternoons Well about a lot of things
to tell the truth They are a lot of
I'm not going to answer all of these topics now.
recently had a live with me
partner that we made were responding
to people's questions about Stardews
Before working with me, he worked
for gigantic companies that cannot
say for confidentiality reasons but
companies literally generate
Millions a month do not receive even 1% of
the attacks we received in stardeos
There are constantly millions of thousands of
millions of requests every day
trying to hack into computers and still
They haven't been able to, the amount is crazy
of very sick people with me who
Any project I do tries
send him to the ground to Costa de lo
that is, he thinks he is trying to hack
illegally or trying to say
in strips and trying to convince the
people who do real crazy things that don't have
no sense of destroying the
image that has cost me so much
lift the effect of slumber and
point 2 the 8 as always more
nonsense people who have one
incredible Idol attraction for a
character and it burns them, it bothers them
deeply they are able to speak
evil against the public figure
which they adore and appreciate the subject
I have to make a video out of 8 to be
Coming soon telling all the things of
what I said but it is a topic that many
These clowns constantly used to
try to throw it in my face and as I said
Previously I was the only one who didn't do it
never a video on the subject was a
comment that someone told me
straight that pissed me off because
I really know what this one has done
guy, I have proof of what he did
This disgusting guy proves that they are not
my conversations audios and photos that
They are not mine and simply someone
said this comment live to me
I got confused and said that guy is a violin O
may I refer again to
my words and if that guy dares
that he even dares to report me for
defamation because students or whatever
because it literally is what it is I'm not going
to never stop saying that in life
place where people think Ah well And that's it
has been through many accusations
false for him to say this he has to
have a lot of courage in the end I
I would never accuse someone I am not
sure or I don't know that he is a bad person
Instead of thinking this, they say, "Oh, bullets."
He's crazy, he's lost his mind. What's up?
doing the same thing they did to him
no Simply not the fact that my
accusations were false does not mean
that other accusations are not real
case is unique, independent of the others
and the topic
Here is what I said in your
day that I don't see what I got for what
I said Let's see of course
Of course I will always be there
against any accusation and
any charge of a crime is valid
any imputation of a crime to a person
person who has not been convicted of
a judge that but let's go ahead
but at all times always or rather but
I don't know how many times I repeated it now.
When I hear this I burn and I don't
I mean, let's see, I don't know
misunderstand
I don't mean that 8 is h or B O
be x I don't get involved in that
when
if at some point something comes up
Well, I'll have my opinion maybe.
I can give my opinion as is or it is not worth it
Now I want to think
at least I want to think so
that this guy who I think has already
It has long been proven that
you will be able to and the pot that will be able to insult you will not
I know who will put a link in I don't know
where but what a fool and kamikaze I think
it's not
I want to think and that's what I said in the
video
that will have something very tied up to be able to
say this Just as you say it and
repeat it
With this I am not accusing 8 I want
to make it clear nor am I saying that I believe
what is true or I think it is a lie
Okay, I mean he's very confident.
From what he is saying we will see the
presumption of innocence and the
accusations of course are worth it It's not that
Antonio's presumption of innocence
David: Of course, but I've seen
Rocío Carrasco's documentary and there
contradictions in the moment you are
telling lies because there I am no longer
I believe the version If Suddenly Dallas
when I take out the video I see with
traditions and I catch something in the
that he is lying shamelessly because
so
I will say watch out for what is or what you are
saying
the other day the youtuber who accused
Diego Arrabal of skipping disguised as
doctor at a hospital
of skipping a journalist disguised as
doctor
and go into a hospital to take pictures
the and and information was not like let's see it is
that objectively say Exactly
you just have to think a little to
that it is a lie and that the elordi Many
thank you
objectively You just have to
think it's a lie Why Because
Amador Mohedano is not the one who had to
make the decision whether or not to report
report because he is not the owner of the
hospital whether Amador wants it or not, if in
United States you go to school in a
hospital dressed as a doctor to try
photograph a famous patient
or medical records or whatever
immediately there are no guards
security There are police officers who put you in the
jail directly and they deport you from the
country and you no longer enter your life and they leave
all media if you are
a journalist and even if he is not a
journalist will surely also come out
the media
It was a story that objectively was
lie
and you are accusing him of a crime
someone knowing that it is a lie,
you are pulling here give it repeats once and
another time you have conversations that
It has a photo, I don't know what the hell it is.
What you have I neither know nor want. Well
I want to know but at the same time that everyone
You don't want to know in private
Now what I said about this topic is
This one has some fools
This guy is a person who has
proven to be intelligent has gone through
a situation in which you have
accused of the same thing and the whole internet with it
crude evidence
they have believed him
I would find it disappointing
that he doesn't have a [ __ ] proof that
grab on and be saying this and no
I have something for you to say, damn it
maybe he's wrong
but you are sure of what is
saying okay
It's not that you said
You are defending Dalas in the 8 thing
because
You're defending Dallas from the 8 no.
So they started ridiculing my video.
and my opinion because I said that it gives the era
intelligent
When someone accuses Dallas you make him
80 videos but if Dalas slanders 8 is
that Dalas is very innocent for some reason
will say
Let's see, and with this I'm not accusing
at 8 I insist eh When whatever comes out
I'll have my opinion But
a thing that you accuse someone of because
You don't like him and start slandering him.
being aware that you are
inventing and another thing is that I have
Here is a video that I don't know if it will be the case
okay but I imagine I imagine
options for what it gives are so
sure
If I have Imagine that I am here
and suddenly I have here a camera of
security and the security camera gives me
a video in which I see places
breaking into my house and robbing me
my entire collection
and I make a video saying you are a thief you are
a chorizo ​​places
And now you guys started to say to me, ah
until there is a trial until a
judge don't say it
I have fragrant proof
flagrant that is called
Well, that's what I'm trying to explain to you.
that maybe I'm not explaining it correctly
the best way
that maybe Dalas is wrong and he
He thinks he is very sure of what he has.
Okay, it's been about three hours
direct for a one-minute mention in
a video from Dallas to this is what I
I call it art and we should reach the
3000 members already so you don't miss out
respect uw if you make us a member now
Same 3,000 people seems like a mistake to me
of respect so intelligent as to
to think that the Amungus costume is a
hookah xdd sometimes he can
hate and exaggerate or when the name of was invented
Cell, that's not it, that has nothing to do with it.
with intelligence, that is, that is
It's literally the typical thing that I
could happen to me
That's the typical thing that could happen to me
me
that's not about intelligence
It is about not having seen the
rewind I imagine
That is to say, literally there was a slip-up there.
You see there I can't give it to him, there I can't give it to him
I the reason This is according not of
agreement when he took that I think that the
The moon's helmet was a hookah and it
took literally a thing about the joints
[ __ ] that was that was the best But that
it is not intelligence intelligence
I mean, I can be, I have many things
very Boomer many times and I am wrong
I fall, it's the typical nonsense that such
But now you don't catch me in a
I resign
Neither in a debate nor in anything, I don't
they take a resignation in nothing
Ok, but how good that literally that
maybe he is wrong but people already
is assuming that it is
slandering that is falsely accusing
Let's see the defense that 8 made, I
I waited for the defense that made 8 in its
straight
and the defense of 8 if 8 really
has enough to defend himself
The defense was pathetic in the live broadcast
nervous laughter in the live show
jokes when I don't know they're going to put me I don't know
I know the defense was strange
more than 8 I will continue saying until the
end of my days that guy is a
violin and an evil and more things but of
new if you notice it was a comment that
I said in the middle of a live broadcast that's what it says
a phrase so small that it was for
someone who asked me what I thought
from him I simply said that this is it
They used all this garbage channels
Scum trying to gain fame from Costa
of whatever because they know
perfectly This is not a case that is
my personal one that I can't teach
conversations for which I have not been
given permission to teach publicly no
I can show photos for which I don't
I have permission to show and play with
They try to give this a thousand turns to the
tortilla making a million videos
about that when I have never done
So to the video explaining myself
Why, to gain audience like that?
They know that many people have idolized
This kind of thing I don't understand why
on top of it, in a [ __ ] direct
He put his shirt on himself, where are we going?
Let's see and I tell you with all my heart and
let's leave it straight here
[Music]
I may disagree that Dalas
you address like this to 8 okay I for example
I would do it differently, I have some
screenshots Thank you very much Leo I For
example if I had some captures some
messages from someone that demonstrate or
They stop getting up early, I would say it differently.
form I would say everything points to this
sir has done something like this
I have a series, so let me explain, okay?
I would say it in such an aggressive way
better and so such But well each one
has its ways and its style Okay now
good
I also tell you something that I said in his
day and I repeat it again and people tell me
ate for that good these kind of people
that insults me no
if it crosses my mind
to the youtuber who is
I hope I didn't win, I hope after what
from Ari's video asking for part of the tube
I no longer have the same confidence in
Dallas I hope you have proof
I hope you don't beat me. I'm not going to ban you.
but after Ari's video that
I saw part of the tube
I no longer have the tube part, it is the same
I hope Dallas has confidence
tube part testing
from part of tube
I imagine you're saying no.
trusts Dallas after the video that
did to Ari
turbo
by Turbo plan
We didn't understand you, Brandy, but many
Thanks for the superchamp, I'll go later.
Saying this, we close the live broadcast.
I have to go since we have
stuck here for three and a half hours like the
that I didn't want the thing to put on me
beautiful time
that it is worth it that I had expressed it in
another way 100% I said it at the time and
I say now okay I'm okay I express myself
even more carefully and I say the
things in another way to avoid
problems even from people I know have
committed illegal acts okay but I
I have become so cautious over time
Okay, I prefer to live more peacefully.
but I sometimes it can be true or not No
I know what is clear is that Dalas
He is convinced of what he says.
there would be reckless disregard for the truth
if it wasn't like that
Okay, man, but there is no Daredevil of
Expressing the truth does not mean saying
nor that you can go around saying what
you want it or rather this has to have
what I think has to have something
fat Now whether he is wrong or not and that
the tests are not entirely, I don't know anymore
the day I explain it, I'll tell you.
what I think
as I can say it is worth it because
I better not say what I think or not
I dare, okay, but
Yes, by turboplants, that makes me doubt
Well son, everyone has their right to
think what I want there are times that
He had a plan, I've seen some very good videos.
but not Turbo Black There is some It is that not
I want to mention no one But there are others
youtuber that I have seen videos and then
When it comes to the subject Dallas is going to be
because he has a grudge against him. Well, in fact.
Many YouTubers are very good at other things.
cases and such But these are things, they are opinions
It's worth it in the end what we have to do
In the end, everything is what we have to do
I think that all we do is respect each other.
It would be best to respect each other and
debate but respecting each other I think that
it would be the best
What I was going to tell you, man, I'm closing now.
let me go
31 new members in this live uncle
but only 1500 Likes
I mean, I'm not going to upload this live.
excerpt there were other topics but I'll leave them
for tomorrow okay I love that I am
there are topics left for the day
next because that means no
I'm missing work
Please give it a like everyone there
Here three thousand people still in the
three hours I think we have almost touched
the 4,000
Give it a like everyone but
mandatory or non-mandatory forgiveness
give it a like
guys
I think that just as there are people who
He is blaming Dallas for the
way of saying it the freedom of the
presumption of innocence and this is
things I
I would require 8, well wait, okay, now
leaving aside defense issues or things I
I had already realized that it was broken
their relationship when I asked him some
things to Dalas about you and he didn't read them to me
donations and we never had one
I collaborate with you playing anyway I follow you
to the Well but I already told you So that
It is not biased or on my part
there would be no problem or being
friend is a very big word it tastes like
Maybe I know that he Maybe he values
I don't know, I'm not going to get into things that
those but that the that the that that is not
It means that we are partners
YouTube
that there is cordiality, that there is respect,
understands at least I think and I think he
He has also demonstrated it in his words
Okay
I say it if you let me I'll tell you and I'll
go
Brandon Thank you very much
Thank you so much
I don't understand why it is not required of
a good defense against this because
yes to me
It occurs to a youtuber like this
this level of this good reach and of
little range too what the [ __ ]
call me violin
and I know it's a lie, I eat it with
[ __ ] potatoes and with mayonnaise eh or whatever
but I eat it
No, you can't imagine, I think so.
you can get an idea of ​​how I eat it and
how I crush it
and no one is demanding that of eight
made the gossip channels that hate
Dallas has defended better at 8 and with more
spite and with more impetus than the 8 itself
and nobody demands that from 8
They're jumping on Dallas's neck. But oh well.
what the [ __ ] is going on with 8
So I eat it and I put one on it
complaint for criminal matters and another for
civil Because if by criminal no no no no
I can't get it through criminal law, but I can't get it through civil law.
Yeah
unless it is you will see let's see if you
the penalty is always more complicated and it is
what happened to Dallas too because
There may be gossip issues
This youtuber told me the other one
has said and above all has to be a
something very heavy to be a penalty
Okay, and that's all something I've given myself.
count on time and because Oh is that
It's not a price daredevil, the truth is
because I believed that if you were a
abuser Ah yes, I do believe that he was
a violin
In civil matters it does have to be truthful
it doesn't even have to be
true, that is, if someone sues you
by civil law because you have accused
someone is worth a crime
If you show that you will see that it is no longer
the same as truth
on top of that he pays you the costs for having you
defendant
and 8 does nothing and nothing and nobody
question 8 for that reason
and I put the logo on the table in my
Ah But You're Dallas' Dog
because you are questioning eight No no
It's because Dalas said that if a judge doesn't
says go to hell
shots to the [ __ ] [ __ ]
We don't question Dallas for saying this.
Why don't we question 8 also in its
defense
So they call you that?
Well, it's okay that you ignore it like that, Dalas.
will remain as a talker Yes man
Efraín, let's see, it suits me.
a youtuber calling me an abuser
rapist abuser or something like that
youtuber who has these numbers Well
if they don't have a number if they don't have a number
Maybe I'll still let it go if not
It still has numbers, so maybe I'll leave it.
But a YouTuber passes me by
accuse me of something like that and have all
the repercussion Well, because all the
Gossip channels are hyping it up
to the topic that I am going to defend myself because
One thing is that you don't speak so as not to give it
spread the word about the topic, which is what you are telling me.
saying but it's not that I don't speak it's that
He defended himself with giggles on the live stream
Come on, man, for God's sake, but good in me
family opinion
piece of live it makes no sense
today's live stream
see you
To me, the fact that there is no demand
that he doesn't dare sue Dallas
Well, man, it makes me think badly. But
Well, we'll see. Thank you very much.
everyone don't forget to give it a like
directly leave your comments
your opinions, whatever is worth it, come on
It makes me laugh that after finishing my
workday start and end of
watch their live shows until 9 o'clock
night I'm from Chile a good time to
sleep and there in Spain it's like 4
in the early morning
I love you family, I'll take you here tomorrow
see you tomorrow see you tomorrow
I love you so much to become members
like subscribe see you all
[Music]